You know that what I do is to write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the car for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a science.
I can be able to get up as a ancestor, or you have to go out of body and no one has ever taken a adult.
I'm here to talk to you about crisis and electronics.
And you know that a property usually is something that you get into some place.
You just have to go back to the market to see it as a supply.
That is the picture of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Benjamin.
This is the kind of complicated code that I'm going to talk about.
My body started in the years in the middle school, in the middle school where I was the risk of the class.
At the time, they were going to get out every week in the ball of the kids -- until a teacher gave me the life.
She took my life to allow me to go into the bottom of the process of teachers in the room.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a player, and it ended up in San Francisco -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to begin to work in organizations that they would fight against AIDS against AIDS people.
About three or four years ago, half the night I got a phone called the team of that message, the Sunday Pollution that he said, "I need to see it.
I am destroyed that we never got to know it.
You could come to Obama, and please bring that man that I know you already found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer cancer, and I would like you to take you out of this for family.
Well, the next day we were in Colline.
We were going to see it, and we came back, and we realized that she needed to be home.
We found a place, and we found it, and we looked at it, and we went away from his family because it was needed to be.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as a paper I got to know -- it became a box of colleagues, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the camera had been coming up, had become a circle -- and that electronic that I talked to you about it in itself.
The electronic is that death is part of life.
She took my life, my father and I save the top of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need real and beauty -- and I'm very happy that today I talked a lot about this.
I also need to -- I need a little bit -- love and plant. And it's our work to produce those things.
Thank you.
As an article is very important to me.
In my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not waiting from nature and that everything is interested.
I went for the first time about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first shows.
I was administrated.
My heart heart was made, I was going to try to understand what was behind me.
And I put them around the water around the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was about a piece of nine about another piece of nine years after year.
The shows were born when you get out of the galaxies or you get up the ice.
And every show has their own individual people.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to get up and go down to the end, while other people can't be able to put it up more and they get into a device of a dark place.
It's easy to think, when you look at a show, which are supposed to be supposed to support and us, in great measure as we see us sometimes as human people.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As a show, I'm going to take you up to your antibiotics atmosphere.
As it comes up to a wall that was distributed out of a radical water that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to give you these shows as if you were trying to try and try to go from my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way and not will be going to be in that way again.
It's not the death when you get up, it's not a end, but a sense of his way for the city of life.
And part of the ice of the states that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you are a show that photograph in Kenya, Greece.
It is a little bit to get it to be really going to be able to put a surgery together.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little battery.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the show and his line line line.
You can see here, it starts to go back, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a German show of Greenland.
It supports the water about 12 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the show shows a different side of their personality.
Thank you.
So I want you to imagine two countries in 1998, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single baby -- each of a baby. Okay.
So, two countries every one with a baby.
I don't want you to get too much on the challenges of the conversation. Because if you stop thinking about the connection in yes, you won't pay attention to me.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the creature and the hope is used to the year of the vision.
And in the other case, the 20th percent of the hope is used to the year of the vision.
And both of them are going to get the life.
We're going to talk about them.
And in my activity is going to get two robots.
In one of my robots -- I work with the history of antibiotics.
I am a story for food and what I study in this case is the way people open the animal -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how have you connected the body flows, the idea of the body, what have you thought about the body.
The other robot that shows in my work is an act of patients -- as a piece of patients or as I say sometimes to sometimes have a lot of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical protections are showing the social nature.
I've been working on, for example, with a season -- two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with each other, people much better than the middle of it.
And I've worked with a lot of people of people with high sex sex -- individuals whose physical piece of physics doesn't fit in the massive school and mobile families.
In general lines -- we can call it interest.
The interest is a lot of ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that is not going to be in the mass form of the mass or female.
For example, it's the case of the individual in the back of the 21st century, which is the present profit of the creature -- and he says to the products, that we all have in the fundamental life, which will become terrible.
And then, in front of the fundamental life, the territors produce terrorists.
But given that this individual comes out of terrorists of terrorists, the body doesn't go back to the same.
It's the self-control set to the advances.
So, there are high levels of terrorist but without religion.
As a concept -- the body is developed by a supply collection control.
When the baby is going on, the baby has a child.
It's a girl -- it's created as a child.
And often it's not not to the police, when it's growing up and developing them -- but it does not have the metaphor percent, when someone realize that something is going on.
And then you can make them realize that instead of having back and the terrorist, it actually has territors and a company.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like this.
The women, like men -- we have in the body something called support glass.
They're in the top of the body.
You know, the support governments produce advantages, the horrible of math.
Most women like me -- I think a typical woman -- I don't know his cognitive structure -- I think to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the advances.
We put them up and we respond to them.
As a concept -- someone like me have the most successful brain to the advantage that the woman who was born with terrorists that has the self-esteem of the invention to the advances.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the resources are in the middle of the space, in some way can be everywhere.
Another example -- a few years ago I got a call of a 10 years ago I was born and created as you see, and I had self-controlled, and the sexual relationships with her, I took a life as a guy and I had just discovered that he had back and I had to figure out that he had back and I had a therapy.
I had an extraordinary way of a disease known as a control supply set.
And I had the 21st century, and in the third theory were so active that they were so active that in particular, they created a magnetic environment.
As a concept -- their galaxies were marketing -- his brain was exposed to the human compassion of the marketing company.
I was born with a child, no one survived anything.
And it was at the age of 11 years when I started to have medical problems made by the Internet, when the doctors found that, in fact, it was a woman in it.
Well, another quick example of an institution.
Some people with 21st thousand people develop what you know as a computers, is to say, they have a survival touch in terrorist television.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of bodies -- they are going to be experience, or interests, or interests, they are supposed to be notion of the normal surgery of a better physical health.
And in many cases people are perfectly saving.
And the reason that they hold up to a number of choices is that they're a threat for our social cameras.
The system is based on the idea that a particular device is going to have a particular identity of it.
We have the idea that it will be a woman is to have friends -- it's supposed to be black means to have Africa in terms of statistics.
A very simple idea.
And when it comes to a body that shows something quite different -- we have problems with care.
So we have very brilliant ideas in our culture.
Our born is based on a concept of a very brilliant individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who were born as two people inside the same body.
The most expensive case of the year is last year with the South South Africa, and it was put in the task of his sex in the Internet Revolution in Berror.
A lot of polices called to ask you, "What are you going to do to figure out if California.
And I had to explain to the papers that there is no way that there is not as well.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that nature is so complicated that nature is so complicated that nature doesn't take a line between men and women and women and women and women and women, and we are us who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation in which the longer the science, more we have to make sure that these cars -- we thought of these cars -- you know, they would have a lot of high statistics that are based directly with the strange corruption careers are much more difficult than we think.
And not just in terms of sex.
And also in terms of race -- something that it turns out much more complicated than what it allows you to do.
And as we see, we are going to get in a dark guy.
We looked at it, for example, the fact that we share at least 99 percent of DNA with the chimps.
What are we going to take from the fact that they would do in the fact that they are in just a few numbers?
And as we program in science we have more and more in an entire area in which we have to recognize that the simple cars that we are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all of the ways of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the fight at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment for which a body is going to be human and has different rights to the people.
And there are very active designers today -- not in the public -- but I know within the medicine -- and I know when someone is considered death.
Our ancestors never had to do with this question of if someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a piece out of the name and if you move out they didn't get it.
If I got to move it out.
But we can today, for example, to give you the visual rules of a body and put them into another body.
And as a concept -- we have to be able to figure out how to figure out the death of someone -- and this leads to us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple.
And maybe you think that this explosion of cars could be able to get somebody like me.
In politics I am productive, I will do the people with international bodies -- but I have to apply to you that I put me back to me.
I will tell you that these cars are much more aware of what we thought to me.
You have from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this text first I've got to add that I am a force of the Facebook Parks.
I know they were recorders, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so valuable and subjects and so radical in what they did -- that I find it every long seeing that music is 1990, and not for music -- which is totally specific.
That's why happened in 1998 with the Forests Foundation.
The Forest parents were to me, for me, the first animals of the animal and I explain why.
What they wrote was an amazing concept and they went up with another thing that was radical and beautiful, and it was made for 200 years.
And as everybody remember, what our parents would remember was the idea of motion. The mountain was based on a very simple concept of the antibiotic.
The mountains of the old world they don't know the DNA -- but they had clear the idea of the death idea.
They had the blue version of it.
They were from the idea that it came to the political power for the right rate of the galaxy to the father and then the son, etc.
The future parents took that idea and they took it through a new concept and that concept was that all of the men are created as well.
They took the game field and they decided that the animal that would matter was the food in common and not the active differences -- that was something very radical.
And in part of it they were doing it because they were part of a system in which they were getting two things.
It was taking the democracy and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear -- if we look at the history of the Facebook Parks, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were being able to get out of the traditional explanation and where they were able to get up the concept of powerful power to go out of a whole idea of national right.
They were moving into a natural concept here.
And if you look at it, for example, the Design of India, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to say who we are.
And at the context of us were taking the idea of the ancient condition.
And when you do that, they were sitting down the future of the future movement of California Richards.
They didn't think about that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And women were graduated.
And then I came up the success of the Monterey rights with people from the quality of the California County who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the films of the Minister Richards saying, "I'm a man man.
And again, people of color that I used to put up to the attention of the ancient difference and again, and then again, they survived.
We see the same with the Moore's Moder.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions we have to begin to ask you why we keep certain distances.
But attention to me, I want to keep a couple of analytic distances in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights than a human.
I don't want to tell you that we should be able to get up to the ancestor.
I don't want to say that the kids in five years would be allowed to have sexual relationships or careful.
So there are some analysis distances that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two senses of the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both of them continued to move up the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them, Mars, I was born three months before time, one of Japan 1990s.
Hello, by the context -- I was born in terms -- he was born on the one of 1980 1990s.
On the only fact that I had been born three months ago that Mars got up all the right three months before Hello -- the right to sex consequence, the right to the vision, the right.
Hello has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born later.
We found other robots in relationship to their right.
Hello, in order to become a man -- I don't tell you if it's 21, in a life of being a man now is part of the open therapy of which Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mark, for his part of it, it doesn't have the same rights to the market that Hella in all states for example.
Hello can be running in all of the states with a woman with a woman, but Mars can take a woman just in some state.
And so there are still a lot of advanced cars that in several aspects are problems and consequences.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science gets so much in the field of the animal that we get to the point of having to make sure that a democracy was based on an analysis could survive them?
I don't want to go to science -- but at the same time I feel like science as a science.
Where do we go from?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of present activity, "Well, we have to take the line on some part, so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people who have taken up in a heart position in it.
And for example, you've been at some point in some point has decided that to run with a man don't have to have creatures and that for a woman with a woman you have to have company.
Now, in the practice don't make companies like people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the self-esteem set to the advances.
If we look at one of the familiar parents of modern democracy -- the Dr. Mars Latin King, in his design "Is the story to draw a solution.
It says that we should play people not in the color of his skin but in the context of his sand, getting beyond the ancestor.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea seems very good.
But what do you do?
How do you get to the people at the bottom of their care?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be sure that we had to go into this for the people, because I have to make sure that I know that I know that I know about some of the things that are probably getting more social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the things that I know you can take more decisions and mathematics and mathematics about their sexual relationships that people from 40 than I know.
So how do you put in practice the issue of the control control?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is asking what happens if the face of a person could be in the future to be a memory with an instrument -- maybe with a magic resources.
Do we really want to get to that point.
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to get up with this piece of thinking in relationship to the size of democracy.
We have done a good work of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man who feels sitting through other men is supposed to be supposed to be supposed to be willing to stay to a sex change, in which case it allows it to live.
We're not in that situation.
I was able to say that we don't have a context like the top of the top that I talked a couple of years ago that I had done to give them a couple of speed speeds to give them and so on.
But when when the phone asked the motion of the operation -- a very rich operation, I said that in that other country of these children would be very manufacturing and where I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, it's been considered the political role instead of the surgery of the surgery.
The United States requires huge possibility to people to be who they are not going to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be to the head.
Well, to end up I mean, I have been talking a lot about the parents I've been talking about.
And I want to think about how the democracy would be, or as it might have been -- if we had given a lot of a lot to the Mars.
And I want to say something a little bit, and it is that I think you can have different ideas of different ideas of different participants in particular if there are people thinking of group.
From years ago, I since I've been interested in the interest, I've also been interested in the sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and open in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women in average -- not all of them, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and how to get out of those who are video within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the product, one of my surgeons I knew that I was interested in the family -- I was interested as a note -- like now, he made me a strange plan.
"I read what it has about family from the factory.
And I thought, "It's the most powerful question I've heard I've heard about.
The family has to do with making the general statistics, so there is nothing else in the factors.
But the more I think about his question, more of a little bit of it is that there is something female in the family.
I mean, that might have something -- in average, something different between the physical brain and the music that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable ones.
So if the parents were very excited to find the way to protect people for part of the state -- it's possible that there will be more Mars to this concept -- maybe we would have given the concept of protect with the recorder of it.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the animal, to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity -- and think more in the relationships of it.
So as we try to create a more perfect college, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided that we had to remember how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, I have the possibility to choose between at least a whole bunch of different cities that are eating to go to new resources.
Well, at this point we're far away from that object.
There are thousands of people in developing countries that don't understand with a single city willing to read them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they see much more than their building cost of building it.
So we were able to get the world to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be used if you've never thought about new cities.
But they just rules out for buildings of advantages.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in all of them who were going to live in all of them and that the other half is still going to get to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make angers in all of the extraordinary building.
But you know that the problem that will face is that those buildings and the areas that are going to get them together to avoid the molecules and the distribution of the construction of it.
So it would be very hard to do all of those ancient.
But they could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building, always and when the rules of that place make the building instead of putting it out.
So I wrote the governments to create new areas of very big entrepreneurs to keep cities and gave them a name -- cities under station.
And more I was going to get me in love to more or less at the same time, Japanese and Oregon were thinking about the challenge of reporting Hollywood.
They knew that every year around 75 dollars would go out of his country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could go and do those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of 2009, I spent for a confidence of confidence constraint.
And in the next few relatives -- Peter Linket is based on a platform in which I would protect resources and at the same time.
I asked Jonath to be his general game.
As so much, I was ready to give me a talk to TED.
And through a perfect process, I went through and a lot of proposal and a great amount of products with use -- I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities down to their most essential ideas.
And the first point was the importance of the rules -- like those rules that say you can't go and move to all of the resources of advantages.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need so much of technology as the news in order to produce -- and they are usually the rules that are going to move to us.
In the 19th century, a friend of Gamma sent him to Shake a street with TED.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said to me, let's take this to the leaders of our country.
So in fact, we took us in Michael, in a corruption of a home.
And I tried to explain this point about what the cities are the cities, much more valuable than his molecular cost is.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- they start that, in some cases, you can see thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty important device and at some point, when there was a pass, Japan said, "Party -- maybe we could see the video of the Talk talk to the TED talk.
And the talk described in a very simple terms that a city down is a place where you start with devices -- a place that starts with the rules that are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to choose if you want to go or be not going to live under those news.
So the president of Home called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important -- this could be the way for our country.
And I asked me to go to Translator and talk about the four and five percent.
So I tried another talk full of data, which including a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denistry and the white line is the new approach that was built in Denish.
It's just this idea of a lot more than 100 miles a lot.
And so I was trying to convince them that to build a new city to build a new city, you have to start with a site that looks at the less 100 miles a day.
That's more than 100 tools.
The whole world is going on.
The resources of the audience were very serious and attraction.
The leader of the conditions came up to the platform and said, "Please Roman, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED talk at the time.
I have here in my computer.
So I sat up and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explain the essential thing, that a new city can make new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city to the one that could be in Home, instead of hundreds of miles of distribution to the North America.
And they also including new choices for leaders for the leaders.
Because the government leaders need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help them go and make the rules of the station, so that they could all be able to trust that the station is essentially going on.
We went and we saw a sound.
This picture is there.
It could take a thousand miles a thousand miles a day.
And a little bit after that, they came back in the Congress to increase their consumer and to add a conversation that allow us to create these special relationships of developing it.
In a country that I had just spent for this digital crisis -- the vote in the face of this consumer memory was 1850 to one.
All of them, all the factors in society -- they went up.
So to be in the Congo, you have to take two times in the Congo.
The 17 percent of the fish was left over in another voice, from 1850 to one.
And then it shows me after the vote -- of 24 to 24 percent of the forest, a 30 dollars was to the two places in the world that are more interested in the building of cities.
One of them is Congo County.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in North America, is bigger than the center of Bangladesh.
All you see out there was built in four years, after they spend four years to get the periods.
The other country in the building of cities is Santa.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're being prepared for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and you're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are making a legal system that will allow us to come up, and at the same time it will allow us to be under a remarkable substantial system.
One country has already been allowed to allow her to allow her Chicago to be the last service for this new substance system.
There are organisms and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get something out of it.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of health.
There are a lot of companies who want to focus on the America, especially in a place with a computer area and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There's a million to a year that comes from America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave before their family to go back and get a work, sometimes they have to make the money that you have to make the money for just to eat or buy it around.
So I sometimes even have kids who are trying to bring up with their parents who haven't seen -- in some cases, in a decade in a day.
So what does it look like to think about a new city in Hollywood?
Or do you build a decade of these all over the world?
What does it look like to think about how families can choose between several cities that are eating to take new resources?
This is an idea that is going to be able to give it out.
And my friends asked me to say, "You know, Thank you.
I'm Jeff, and this is my value.
But before I show you what there is inside -- I'm going to make a public trust -- and it is that I live with the trains.
I love to find it, and I love and more recently, and I would get to play and published in my blog broken borders, collective and different and different for each ocean.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my car is in the second hand of people and sea seasons of a second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hands of second hand allow me to reduce the impact of my galaxy in the environment, and in my biological.
And I got to tell people interesting people, by the generation of my money is going to a good cause -- my aspect is only one, and they would buy it to become my personal personal search for me.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it about my street?
I would like the color?
Is it less than 20 dollars.
If all the answer are positive -- then I feel that I have gotten.
I will go back to the subject of my values -- I want to tell you what I heard for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you have to get someone who has all of that car that has all that car that has all that car?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven years of interview -- and nothing else.
Robotic interviewed for exactly a week is all I put in my value.
I think it would be able to find all of the other thing that I want to use after you get here to Paris Steven.
And because you don't know how the woman who was walking by TED in a concept in correct --  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you right now for this week.
It does not sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that I think or not, I have learned in this way to not use new card.
Let's start with the mind.
And this is what I call a brilliant television.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All the sound, including the career, and I was coming down -- and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Light, the color is energy.
It's almost impossible for it to be a bad humanity, when you're looking at a red red state.
If you're happy, you're going to take other happy people.
Mars, interaction is supposed to do.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you go out of the right people, you don't just understand you, they will also get you.
Millern, Gates of the child that you get in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to get to the designers, or I remember her little seven years.
I like to tell them and tell you, "Thank you.
Jesus, trust is the key thing.
If you think you do well with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning of it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interest and except, there is no looking at you that you can't go on.
So there's no except for anybody from this audience.
We need to be able to do everything that we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a real universe for you to do, the distances are going to go with everything.
And finally, I used to develop a personal state and only one is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were going up to me this week just because I was using what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversation.
And obviously this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home at home.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to focus on these things, because at the back of the corner -- there will always be another crazy track, collaborative and brilliant specifically, if there is a little bit of love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can deal with two parts of it.
The left side, which is the legal part and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the airplane of every human and we could design a plan of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely limitation.
So this would be somebody who is totally interactive.
So where do you get your brain in this scale?
Some of them will take for one of these examples -- but I think for most of the pictures of this audience -- their brain is something like -- with a big application in both of the homes at the same time.
It's not that they are enough excited.
You can be free and interaction.
I think of one of those people, which is like most of the other experience of the other experiments -- we need a lot of light to connect these complex ideas.
But at the same time, we need a pretty interesting thing to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interview -- well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them and then we look at it and then we have to develop our interaction from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain thing that you can have developed with the country of the years is that one thing says one thing can be just in a place at the time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a strange bank.
It was a little child and I didn't do it very well, it always goes up.
But I guess that the play with that piece of school taught him a blood version -- and it's that big things don't allow them to go up, and they stay in a place.
This is a huge model that you can have from the world, except that you are a particular physics physics for you.
It would be a terrible model for a particular physics -- because they don't play with some of these little statistics -- play with these small particles of them.
And when you play with their particles -- they discovered that they do all kinds of things that are really expensive things -- as they can be able to get around us, or you can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these experiments.
At that point, it was the physics a few years ago, you need to be able to describe those little particles to describe those little particles in it.
But they don't need to describe the big objects that are getting all the day.
That doesn't get very well to my industry -- and maybe it's because it doesn't play a lot of participants.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particular.
But it was not going to be good to my favorite part of it.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles still follow the principles of quantum medicine -- then I shouldn't follow the beginning of the means of the control mechanical mechanical mechanical medicine.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow show that a common object also follow the beginning of the quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I was able to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a context of quantum medicine.
What we see here is a little company of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle of the environment.
That is the metaphor of the metaphor that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to make a little bit of a little bit in the center of it.
And then here we do a very big access to the little tradition of the metaphor.
So what we see is a little piece of metaphor, with the form of the computer and support in a platform.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would make a computer chimpanzee.
I went to a clean room with a new school, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this organization with the form of nature that you find under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum surface, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an antibiotic.
You know what it is to be in a skin full of people.
I mean, when I am in a subject -- I do all kinds of good things, but then when other people get left to do those things, because I don't want them to move up, or actually, it will be going to be able to get them up, or actually share.
The quantum message says that the international objects share in the same way.
The journey of the journey of the organization objects are not just people -- it's also the light that I found it and the wind that happens to his side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this piece of music to go up to the quantum medicine, we would have to explore all the other steps.
And that's what we did.
We spend the lights -- then we took a support and we explore all the air -- and then we found it to a temperature of less than a degrees on the top itself.
Now, when you're just in the substance, the small piece of music is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of being a little bit -- I was looking at it, and the way I came out was like a responsibility of this way -- as a flow that is waiting and continues.
And when you give it a surgery surgery, we were able to do it and you didn't go at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean for one thing to come and do not live at the same time.
So we think about them.
In one case, all of the things that we have to take up that piece of music are who you have to get up and at the same time those same issues are moving up and down.
It's just in the incredibly important destruction when those are all around.
In the rest of the time they are destroyed.
It means that each of them is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of music is in two different places.
I think this is great.
true.
It was going to be going to go into a clean room to do this for all of those years -- because you look at this, the difference in scale between a single takes and that piece of music is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of metal and you.
So if one of you can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places -- why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my free part that I talk about.
So if they were in several places at the same time, how would that?
How do you act your conversation if your body was developed in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we put it, and we put the lights and we looked inside the box -- we saw that the goal was still there in one piece of paper.
And I was able to get to this new interview, especially all of the objects in the speed actually are a lot of quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
And you hear a lot about that the quantum message that everything is interested in.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound than that.
It is that those conditions -- your connect to all of the things that you get in, literally define who you are, and that's the principle of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is Afghanistan.
And 18 months ago I was doing another work in Google -- until I read the idea of doing something relationship with molecules and art to my dream that is here and that allowed me to take it back to me.
It took me 18 months and took me 18 months.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it, with 14 very interesting molecules of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on it.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explain in this slide and this is the access of it.
I grew up in India.
Government of a great education -- but I did not have access to many of these molecules and workers of art.
And so when I started to travel and go back and go back and get a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the wish to make it more access to make it more attention to make it a lot of technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better that it shows the fear for then to explain a couple of interesting things that we have taken out of his landscape.
So, let's just go to Google Gore.
Look around all the molecules that there are.
It's the Uganda Gala, the Marine, the Mariner, the Randous God.
In fact I'm going to go into one of my favorite factors at the Media, the art.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We are doing it and painting, we are still within the museum of it.
It doesn't matter where they are, Brazil or Marine, that actually doesn't matter.
You move out there and they get up.
Do you want to go through the model?
We open up the plane of open up, and with a single clinic, we're going to go into it.
They're inside that you want to go at the end of the passion.
They are going to go back to it.
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm from one of my favorite paintings, "The President of Penn Brazil in Mexico.
I see the side of it.
If the museum shows us the image -- we do it there.
Look at this is one of the images.
This is all the information of motivation.
For those of you who are really interested in the art, you can do it out there, but I am going to do it right now.
And this is one of the images that we call in what we call the scientific technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, I think, about 10 million people.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million percent?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million people.
It can make it a very simple way.
You see different things that are happening.
I love this girl -- your explanation doesn't have a price.
But if you really want to be able to ask them.
So I began to play it, and I found it with something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this seems interesting.
And I found that children were actually playing something.
I invented a little bit, I talked to some people from the Medical, and I actually found that this is a game called a computer -- which is going to get up with a back with a street of California.
And it would seem to be very popular for it.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to make them even more in the deep and see that you can actually get even to the graphs.
Now just to give you a little bit of people, I'm going to take the image, so you can see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the paper.
The best thing is to come in, a second.
So now we're going to be able to get back again at New York.
This is another one of my favorite faces, "The night stars.
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paradigms?
And if you want to look at how God is actually created by this massive work?
And I think about it and really I do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this room, and I'm really going to get to the graphs.
This is "The night station -- I think I had never seen it so before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite worked.
There are a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the very great. It's called "The "Big "The "Big point.
All of you, absolutely all of you, it doesn't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a magic, that gives it the same.
You can actually create their own museum to create their own collection from all these images.
It's very simple -- we got -- I've created this work that I call "The power of the cortex -- we had just done a cortex around it.
This is about "The Banks in the National National Gorin.
You can put things up, send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel about the control of these physical ones.
So in fact, I think to me, the main thing is that all of the amazing things they don't really come from Google come from Google for me.
No, in my view, even they don't come from modernists.
Maybe I should not say this.
In fact, they come from those artists from them.
And that has been my human experience with this.
I want to say, I hope that in this digital middle to make their own art of art and that is really related to line.
And the big question that you do today is, you did this to reduce the experience of going to a motor?
And the answer is no.
It's to change the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
All right.
I have something to show you.
Think of it is a piece, a volunteer period.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in this picture -- I am in this picture -- I am from an intervention -- all of the kids in the wall of his device, but the reason that I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in the face of Frank one in the last two decades.
You have a long time, if you wanted to make a face of Francisco one, I took a surgery and I put it to a good paper and a good car.
And if the car and the paper were the good enough -- you would take the face.
This is what we have in engineering is called control system in real time.
It is a system that has two components -- a sensor and a action.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, they have been companies of networks and electronics.
They are becoming computers to the black air.
And as you are, they're starting to answer in different way and they can be destroyed and accessible.
It will make cities a big thing.
And as a notion I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
90 percent of the energy of energy -- and until 80 percent of the CO2 emissions of CO2 Christians.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
More of cities, all of these designers and active are going to be in our open object.
This is one of the Park State for the end of the year in the Month, during the vision.
It's called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Northern Time.
Well, our objects -- the environment starts to talk about.
In a way, it is like almost all of the things that are going to go back and come up with serious and activity.
And that's actually changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old South American Sunday.
You know, when Bill Landly heard the Mars, you say that at the end I took the market and I put it back to the Mars -- you can still see a little bit of a bottom under it, and he said, "Good not for the pain -- what don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk about.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples of the idea in the idea of taking the environment and playing something.
So let's start with detail.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago.
It was a look at it that was the state of 2008.
It was the year in which Iraq won the World World Council.
Maybe some of you remember it, they would play Stanford and Francisco, and at the end Zeru gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of English.
Now let's see what that day is going to look at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Congo in the middle and the River Earth.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the top of the time.
And by the early time, there are people over here and there making calls -- moving up.
It starts the particular, simple.
Google from Francisco.
Institute, people make a quick call and go to the bar.
The second time.
The first time, second time.
Michael, and in a moment, the head.
Gallery Island, right?
That night was all going to close to the center to the center of it.
So there you see the big piece.
At the next day they were all at the center of the collection of the gap and the first mission of then.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called Canada Marine where it is from the back -- people are going to close -- it's a big phenomenon -- you can see the role at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of the city in a way that we didn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detail, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we use them.
Today, we know all about the process of our objects today.
So this is a map that shows all of the kids that make a Marine, how they get them.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project in this project we developed a little bit of a little station in order to reduce the based on the system.
So we started with a few voices that help us in Israel a little bit more than one year, to find what they were doing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are all going to be able to go out.
Then we put them a little child, a street, and then we started to get it out.
These are the results.
Part of Sierra.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of institutions in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're going on complex things and there is a lot of international things.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we see all of the days that the heart that we have to do is not describe, it's still somewhere in the planet.
That if the plastic of plastic that we put on a day still still still goes there.
So if we show it that to people, then we can be able to make some change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleagues of the MIT, Saman Bill, I could tell you much more about democracy and many other things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned to the beginning, which is to play on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Mars ...
It all started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Isa and the South Europe of Europe have a beautiful traditional use of the water in public space, in architecture.
And the question was, how can the technology, the new technology, would be going to be that?
And one of the ideas that we developed in the MIT -- in a street, it was, imagine that they have a car and lines, linear lines, languages that are open and come up.
It's created as a water, with water.
If you get the legs you can write in them, I will show you patterns to show them, to show you, textbooks.
And when you get up, the career will open up so that we can spend in the picture.
We put this to the Benki Bank.
I like a lot.
And I discovered a company to design the building.
We call it from Angeles Darwinian.
All the building is made of water.
There are no bodies or visions, but when you go down to you so that you can go on.
The car is also a water.
And if there is a little bit of wind -- if you want to deal with the salaries, it goes down the shoe.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture depends in this case, like this case.
And those days will always have somebody in the bottom -- when you go down the car, someone who was there and he said, "Let's get the building."
No, it's not that they have determined, but when you get down almost all the architecture.
This is in work.
You see the people who are going on.
And here I am trying to be trying to go out and try to try to test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what a night was going on when all of the sounds left to work.
That night was actually more fun.
All of the kids in Mars came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go up, but a building that was going to be doing care and water holes and you had to be able to get it out of it.
(Audience: And for us that was very interesting because as an article -- engineers, designers -- we always think about the use that people will give our designers to us.
But then the reality is always impossible as well.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical legs -- you put them out of water.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those legs could start to fly in.
Imagine that they could have little heads in the air and that each one had a little piece that changes as if it was a child that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, which is moving with each other at all.
We could form this child.
A kind of clinical screen like this with a normal conflict in two dimensions in two dimensions of it.
Or normal -- but in three minutes, where it changes is the light -- not the position of penis.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen is going to go into different scale and size -- in different kinds of solution.
And then all of that was able to put a piece of pay in 30 to the one that you can get up, and you can see -- and you can see from very different and a lot of a very different animals.
This is the real Flag collection, going down to the way to form a Venus, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control for a person.
We can have every paper with an environment that comes from people, from the people, and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Berkerce -- one of the world's best balls of today, the New York of New York and from Miller Country to capture their movements in 30 and use them as a station for the Florida.
So here we can see Rob based.
On the left you look at them -- the causes in different solutions.
It's so much design in real time as a movement.
It can get all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the legs we can play with them, with the color and movement.
We want to use this as a possible power for the Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Electric Johnsons of London Rivers.
It's called the National.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could imagine the people to do something and change our environment -- as a bunch of children, like the big, but with a child.
Imagine that we could make a little bit of a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We have discovered everything like knowledge -- and it's access to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- we can show it -- we can go out of the digital world, from the digital power of the relationships, the physical world.
In our case, this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But morning can be to open the challenges of today, think about climate change or the CEO of CO2 -- how do you spend the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together together, in collective way.
You know, it is a character, again, made of pieces of the same way that the real cloud is a particular character.
And those particles are water, while in our cloud are perfect.
It's a physical structure in London -- but it would be completely pushing.
You can move through it, having different experience.
You can see it from the bottom -- to be able to share the main moments of the exceptions of the Johns Johnson and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So this is so much a physical child of the sky as something you can go out as a new side of London, as a new system.
You can go into there.
As if it was a new digital famous in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
I guess that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more likely and more fast.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, will be more function, to have more resource.
Would you like to be more attractive and secret of themselves.
What about living with good health.
Or maybe they are from those people who always wanted to be more creativity.
What else would you like to that?
So what would you like to do if you could choose something.
And in the Audience: Creative.
How much people are going to choose creative?
Let's get your hand. Let me see it.
They probably got to the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you will get the memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
What about the light?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor makes me.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible to be possible.
The evolution has been a personal issue here in the TED conference -- but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the theme of the theme on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED -- which is all the way that I was going to go up in the Red Roman Rosset, wrote a show called "The biological signal has sense to the light.
But if you usually accept the biological evolution to connect this -- is it just from the past, or the future of the future.
Is it to the other or to us?
This is another looking at the tree of life.
The human part of this area -- well in an end, it's of course, that most of us.
We will go from a common animal with modern chimps about six or eight million years.
In the environment there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of homes.
Some of them have gone back and back.
We have been here about 150 years.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in most of our cells of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can go up and control the machine of a common bacteria to produce the program of the human instruction that is used to treat distances?
This is not like the human instruction, but it's the same program, and it's the same protein, which comes out of the percentage.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when I America Darwin put them out of the authority, think about bases?
The environment is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria to those bacteria for them.
It's clear, dark -- it is very advantage.
And we're going to protect all the numbers that you can want to want to want to want to want to be able to want to want to want to be able to want to get out of their part of their side.
It really is a quick thing to the bacteria with the bacteria of some form of some form to the subject.
But therefore we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help us to make any essential numbers, and they protect us from certain disease.
But what does the future look like?
Are we in a kind of evolution like this?
Or are you willing to become something different -- something maybe better access to the environment?
And in this area of the universe, the life in Earth is like a mouse in the Earth is like one of the animals, like a single and only computer life, and human life, a little note of thank you.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk -- so I hope that they have been forget.
When I went back to college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electronic and the beauty of biology.
I love from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the former organisms -- every cell simply goes up and all the genetic energy of that cell is becoming the two children.
But when you look at the military organisms begin to change.
It goes into the sexual religion in school.
And something very important with the survey of sexual relationship that happens to the genome -- the rest of the body is become predictable.
In fact, you could say that the influence of the death of the body is in evolution in the same time of sexual revolution.
And I have to tell you that when I was a college student I thought -- I thought, well, sex sea, sex search -- it seemed pretty quickly at that time, but with every year that I was going on, every time I had a little bit more.
I got to understand the feelings of George Bangladesh, which still was in the Valley Valley in their 90 years.
And one night somebody goes to his door of home.
He opened the body.
And front of him is a magnification of carbon light line.
I looked at it and he says, "I was looking for a sea sea sea.
"I said, "Well, I say, "Good speaker says.
I realized me, as a doctor -- that I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to pay the body.
I wanted us to make a lot of health.
I wanted to remember health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and so on.
The evolution is going to go to the next generation of the next generation of the next generation -- and keep a generation of generation for generation of it.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are kind of kind of like the neuroscience companies to send the genetic cartoon to the next green level, and then let me go to the sea of the sea at the time.
I think we all understand the feeling that you explore World Alexander when he said, "I don't want to achieve the interview through my work.
I want to do it not machine don't do it."
The evolution doesn't necessarily go to the line.
It doesn't necessarily go to the largest or the most strong or the most quickly and not even the most intelligent thing.
The evolution comes to the better creatures to their environment.
That is the only test and success.
In the end of the ocean the ocean bacteria that can survive to the heat of the paradigms that will produce -- if there were fish there, I found it up to the value -- and yet they've been able to do that an environmental environment.
So what does this mean? When we look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to think about the place of humans in the evolution and in particular, if we look at it, the fact that we would say that there are a lot of possible.
The first is we don't evolved it.
We've got a kind of walking.
And the question would be that it would be that through the medicine -- in first place, we have heard of a lot of genes that another way would have been discovered and supported from the population.
And in second place, as a species, we have made our environment so that you can get up to us as well as we go to it.
And by the way, we're going to get up, and we're going to get up so much that it's no longer possible to have the application for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type of traditional type -- nature for the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the expensives of the evolution of evolution -- but they're interesting.
And at the time, when we have a species as a species we put different planets are going to be the attack and environmental changes that can produce the evolution of natural way.
But there is a third possibility -- a political possibility and anticipation and advanced.
The neuroscience technology, the new evolution -- which is not simply natural and engaging for us as individuals in the decisions that we do.
Now, how could this happen.
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that a lot of people today, in some culture, are taking decisions from their destruction.
In some culture, they are going to have more values than women.
It's not something necessarily good for society, but it's what it gets to individual and family level.
Think that if it was possible to be able to choose not only the sex of their destination, but in their own body to make the genetic questions to cut or make disease.
And if we could do the genetic changes to avoid the direction or the Alexander or reduce the risk of cancer.
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes in your genes
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The human genome of the human genome started in 1999, and it was about 13 years.
It was 200 million dollars.
At the next year of having ended up in 2010, I could make the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million dollars of the human genome to a cost to the 1950s and in a week.
It's not going to make a lot to make a lot to make the human genome for 1,000 and be more and more and more of all of us all.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human impact in bacteria can make us virus that are not only going to protect us from them, but they are going to be going to be involved against other viruses against them.
Create or there is not an experiment in how much with the value against the collective influence in the cells of a back of a book.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the back?
That's reality today and in the future is going to be more possible.
Imagine one other two little change.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their destruction?
And if you could change the hope and the visions, or to change the vision of the financial region, and give their children a better opportunity of a more healthy life, to avoid the distances, to avoid the happiness, to reduce the risk of cancer.
Who does not want any more savings?
And then, that same animal technology -- that same way of science that can produce the changes to make disease is going to allow us to also be able to be able to be able to add a better memory and a better memory of it.
Why don't you have the engineer of a Kenya Jewish on everything if you could increase it with the next generation of the Marine machine.
Why don't you have a little bit more quickly.
Why would I not live more time.
This is going to be interview.
And when we are in conditions to spend this to the next generation and we could add the algorithms that we wanted to make the evolution of before the negotiation.
We're going to take a process that I could normally take 100 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their birthday, or the needs of their birthday, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these choices in countries of a better society, more experienced consequences.
Or, are we going to choose a lot of different algorithms that we want for some of us, but not for the else?
Are we going to build a society that is more surgery and more survival and more relative and more value?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to face it.
And the most amazing thing about all, are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and have to have the wisdom to take these decisions different disease?
By the way, and before what I could think, these choices are going to stop us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explain when you're to 300 feet of advanced.
Imagine an airplane full of humanity.
Imagine a picture by doing a little bit of classical doing a climate classroom.
Of course, class, classroom, class.
Well, I had a unique ant that day -- I was sitting in the 18th.
It was the only one that I could talk to you with the shoes of it.
So I just looked at them, and they said, "You know, there is no problem.
And he had already seen the airplane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The paper came up with the Arab River.
This is not the rock.
And I apply the motors.
Imagine to be in an airplane and not reasons.
And then he said three words ...
The three more dangerous words I've heard about.
He said, "People for the impact?
I did not have to talk more with the top of it.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terrible.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instrument.
We have this list of things to make before you die before, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I did not do it, all the characters I wanted to do, all the experiences that I've wanted to have and I never had to have and I never got to have and I never had.
And as I thought about that, I was going to go up with a factor, which is, "What do you come wrong with.
Because if the virus is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to deal with anything in life.
And that proposal, that purpose has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is while we came up with the George Wall Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about -- I think about -- I really feel a great paradigm.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And then the time that I did in things that they didn't care about people who are important.
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then as a measure in that, I decided to avoid the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a piece with my wife with me.
You feel a wonderful thing.
I don't try to have reason -- Eding will be finger.
The third thing that I learned -- and this is like your mental room is going to be standing, 14, 18.
You see the water.
I am saying, "Why does it go forward."
I don't want this to be raised in 20 pieces as you see in those distances.
And as we go down, I had the sense of support, I was going to die no fear day.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very strange.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that train was made in a single thinking, which is, just want one thing.
I used to see my children growing up.
And a month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first of all, not a lot of artificial attack -- I still --                                            And
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
And at that point, I understood those two points -- that the only thing that matter in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a military -- I would not die that day.
And I told me another region, which was the possibility to look at the future and go back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenge that you can imagine that the same happens in their plane -- and please don't be so -- but imagine -- and how do you change it?
What is what they would do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live for forever.
How do you change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And the most important thing -- are the best parents you can do that?
Thank you.
And I clearly have been beautiful in life with many amazing projects.
But the largest thing I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important grandmothers in the 80 years.
One day I came back to his house after I went back and said, "Hey, I feel a shoe in the legs.
And that was the beginning of the U.S.
So today it has a total particle.
It can only use the eyes.
His work in me.
I have a design of design and food and so obviously the grandmother is something that we love and respond in the world.
So we decided that we were going to look like Tony, TED, and to his cause of it.
So I went and I went back with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Toron again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me.
And I said to him, "You know, this is not that he saw San Harvard, is not that all of the people in order to be able to communicate those areas?
And he said, "No, unless you be some important and you have a very good security you can't actually do it.
These devices are not available for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate that?
Does anybody see the film and the market and the market?
They are communicate in that way, you get to make it out of it.
I said, "That's a carbon. How can it be?
So I sat up with the only desire to get a character and rather than that I did not have the less idea of how I was going to go to it.
He bought me with his sister and his father there at that point at the time, well, this is the treatment -- There's going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine -- and we're going to find a way to get your art again.
Because it is a quick thing that someone who has so much in your interest can't communicate it.
So I talked to a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Google Garden British Britain who have a technology that allows you to protect a light in any surface and then, with a self-design state, they draw about that, and you get the negative space.
So they're going to go out and make art institutions like this.
All of the things that you are, they say, they're part of a life.
First of all, you start with sexual resources -- then with the bad words, then with the artists to Boston and the end, people start to make art.
But there was always a cell of life in their pressures.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot to move the things from one side to another one we had a couple of things.
One, we took the bodies of the security companies and we get a machine for TED to be able to communicate a machine like San Harvard.
Which was great.
And again, it's the most fun thing -- I call it a couple of because I'm going to talk to the guy with the guy -- and you say, "I don't want it. This guy is failure failure.
The other thing that we did was to bring seven programs from all the world -- all the people in the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved up to the back of the back, and these hands and programs and consumers and antibiotics took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely strange and that when we went back to have taken the walls of the wall.
But for two weeks we went back to the shoe of Venus -- my son was part of my son as well, and we created this.
It's called Earth Changer, and you can see the describe of it.
They are a couple of gas blood seasons that we buy in the sea rate of Vietnam Benki, and some of the computer stuff and Hollywood Dengrond and Roseta San.
We take a care camera -- we took it on a law of Leone -- and now there is a device that is a device that is thank you -- I built yourself -- we put the scientific code -- the software goes down in a big way.
And we created a device that doesn't have limitation at all.
There is no security company I say "No."
There is no hospital I can say not.
And any person who is going to have access today has access to draw and communicate using their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you so much to you that was impossible.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that's his room.
There was all of this block and red for the big institution.
And after one year of a year -- two weeks of program, two weeks of all night, Titural went back for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of their life.
We put it off the way I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he came back to the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the structure.
The big thing was that we had to go up in the space so that we feel like we were reading the grandmother as well.
And at the end of this he took us an electric cost and this was what he said, "This was the first time I was going to go in seven years.
I felt like if I would have been under the water and someone finally came back and would get me out there so that I could recognize it.
Is it not wonderful?
In some way that is our war.
That's what it makes us in movement.
And we have a long way to remember with this.
It's a great device -- but it's the equivalent of a Marine Man.
Somebody with this artificial potential does much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to find it and make it faster and right.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've spent a lot of pressures.
They remember -- one of us is making money with this.
All of our own balls.
The teachers were the guy, "Oh, this is failure failure.
And I used something about us and then, in fact, the Texas Texas came to us as one of the 50 of the best inventors of 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the circle, is that at the top of this year in the center of the MRI in the center of the London is going to have an experience called "The Country in the Council."
And it's going to be in the States is going to have the best experiences of the art of the Arab art -- Shanghai Facebook, CA: All of them are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the show which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible -- I can do it possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- it was possible -- the computer, the computer, the Earth, nothing was possible at some time.
You can do that, anything about this room.
I am not a program -- I never did anything with an operation technology -- I just recognize something and I used with wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of the questions that I want all of us to do all the days when we find something that we have to do -- if it's not now, when I am not me, you know?
Thank you.
I've spent the last few years moving in very difficult situation and at the same time a long time.
I went to collection, hard.
I worked in a couple of cartoons, destructive.
I film in terms of war, hard and designer.
And I spent 30 days to be able to make this -- fun to the beginning, something hard in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career I've been walking into the situation in the horrible application with the only goal of trying to get social issues in ways that are going to be able to take care of it, interesting.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TED on the world of the markets and the pattern wanted to do something a little different.
So some can have heard of it, or no, a couple of weeks ago I had a couple of weeks on Earth.
I sent some message in Facebook -- some of them in Twitter, I went back to the rights of the name of my TED TEDTalk.
What I had was the next thing that I had was the next one, my TED press, my TED thing that is about what is about and continues to be able to explain in the face -- especially if I put it back to you or your company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medicine opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a program in progress by the way.
So I still knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to do it with close.
But in the new film in which I'm working on, we were going to take the world of the map of the police.
And as I said, I have been done in the hard situation in the last few years, but nothing could be like, nothing could be able to add, for something so difficult or as dangerous as to go into the room with these guys with these guys with them.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Manhattan Steve, I want to make a film that comes out of the products of products -- the map and population, and that all the film is financial with products and police and population.
The film is going to call "The largest film already saved them alone?
What happens in "The largest film that happens in "The largest film is that all of it up on the bottom of the bottom -- it has images of market, all the time, all the time.
Now this map, Carter School, the September Congress.
These people are going to look at the film to the police to always forever.
And so the film would explain all this idea. (Music Kara, is that ready? MK: It's recognition?
I am a refugee period. MK: It was just a little bit more for collections.
It was perfect.
But we're not just going to have the pattern of the X-ray market in the ground but we're going to make sure that we can make all the cars that we can in the sky.
Maybe we come up with a card and it becomes the most cool shoe that you've used in.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest film actually saves, the best transport that you have because of "The largest film ever saved it alone.
Service Kara, the idea is so much about showing them as part of life as part of life -- to make them get the film for the film of the film -- Mars -- and we actually show the full process of how it works.
The goal of the complete film is transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film here.
That's the whole idea -- all the film in the end of the end.
And I would love it to help to make it happen.
Robert Francisco, you know, it's great because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the mind for the audience.
Google, yet I don't know what it is going to be the people to that.
AB: Do you have a perspective -- I don't know if you hear it is very negative -- but you know how it's going to recognize --  -- not Dead. David Caribbean, how much money does it make to do this?
MK: A million and a half million and a half thousand and a half Kelly, I think it's going to be hard to be hard with them, but that no longer is going to go to a couple of big factors to it.
ABS, who knows -- maybe for the moment that the film is going to look at us as a lot of survival strategies.
MT: What do you think it's going to be the answer to be.
Star Red Street, most of the answers will be not not not not not not not not a note."
MT: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
RB: So both things.
MT: So it means you're not very opposite.
So I need to help me. I need help.
MK: I can help.
MT: All right. MK: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what it is.
MK: Yeah. MK: Yeah.
MK: We have some places where I will go.
MT: I thought "I would say the camera that we have a conversation outside of microbes.
And the camera means the camera means we don't want to know anything about your film for your film for you.
MT: And so it was, one for one, all of these computer companies were developed.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film here.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impossible, I thought that the concept of population, it was to present the product to so many people as possible.
So especially in the world today this interest of new media and old media and the stage of the supermarkets -- it's not the idea to tell that new version of attention that is going to take the message to markets?
No, that's what I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a grandfather street, and that body was this.
Actually, there was no way that there was no surgery.
There was no surgery at all.
This would have been good.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look for the interviews of transportation in Google support --       -- this is one of the first images that come on.
I like your way to relate, South Britain. No.
So this was the problem -- which is the transportation of similar or stranger, which is essentially destroyed or seeking, especially complex or seen -- which is going to get up for the vision or research of information -- especially in the business, being the last line maybe the largest problem.
You see, we know a lot about the transition in these days.
Our politicians the name -- the pressure of the name -- even the name of the names.
But suddenly when it comes to do something that is actually something that is changed.
But Why? Well, the transition gives me fear --   like that red point that I still still keep right.
It's incredibly incredibly interesting.
And it is also very artificially.
What other thing is a strange?
It will eat an entire amount of Congo Congo.
That is very artificial.
When I started talking to the companies and to tell you that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell you a story for a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you have a story that you have to do with the story.
You see, when I was a child and my father was going to me in some mental and there he was looking at it as I used to do it, say, "Hey, there are three side in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only a company -- an article would be able to help -- and that's just because I met John Boy and Richard Kara from many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my mind, and I would have to go to the interview and go to the companies with all of my team with me.
So what I started to get out of suddenly -- which I started to give me realize -- is that when you start to become the ideas the idea of understanding your death is a universal problem.
MK: I have friends who make big movies -- enormous girls, and others who make small movies -- individuals, like my own.
And my friends who are doing the great grandparents of big Harvard, games, they say the reason that their molecules have so much success is because of the managers that they have.
And then my friends who make invention cells they say, "Well, how are we supposed to buy with these big, girls of Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest film already saved it alone?
How are we going to see specific in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I was my board, you'll see the Democratic Bang.
At any time for a moment with someone I can say you're good for this interview for this interview for this interview?
You are ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview in the interview in the interview of the interview before the interview of the interview."
And there is one of these very favorite artists.
As much as "The Police Forest of Park is going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for a woman -- scale, based on back, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell you the questions and give them a poster sea.
Kara Francisco, we're a little speed.
It similar to the kind of smaller molecules that you know, we are more good as a radical market.
And so we don't have the present that they have other factors that have some of them.
So doing things like that, you know, to remember the people is the reason that this is why we care about.
MT: What words used to describe Bangladesh?
Basically it is when you go in the white one.
KB: That's a big question.
woman, technology support.
MK: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the article.
Man: So we talk about something else, friend.
I think "The "both is a great word that actually put this short care on the police and see the ocean and the subject?
It makes you failure.
How do you get a little bit more time at the better time -- the more factory, three times more free.
And things like those things are going to take the benefits out.
MT: And that's a military company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man of the street.
They have to talk about my market.
MK: How do you do your market?
Man: I love my market?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: I would get up the 80 percent of the level to less than it is going to be able to move up.
MT: Okay, what is the Greek Gala" market.
George Germany.
I like a lot of the dark colors -- many groups and things like this.
And by the end of the genome it takes access to the sun games, or I like the crisis and similar.
woman, if God was a market could be a climate consequence, Mars Benjamin.
man 2: The way I am -- I call it computer computer.
woman 2: In part of it, in part of it, in part of the Barrier Boy -- I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of markets.
It will come up with markets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my market.
In my little sector -- that's my market.
man four, my mom is Facebook because I get the market.
man five, Mars strange surgery.
Is that that?
Traveling, I am a brilliant magic.
Tomorrow, I'm Too.
MK: Well, we can't be a market State, but often I would often get on the interview of dark gas and short correction.
I realized I needed an experience.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help understand what they call the "The "The performance of marketing machines.
And I found a company called John Zaral in Park.
They would help companies like News, Florida, I was going to figure out that personal personality.
If they were able to do it for them, they could just do it for me.
And Arthurs, you bring the pictures -- right?
MT: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
E: How do you have a little bit about how you relationship with your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MT: These people move my way to see the world.
E: How much of that world.
MK: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people who get up, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
And all of those things go up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in the West Village.
E: What's the next thing you want to talk about?
MT: The next one is the best day of my life.
E: How do you relationship this with your thought, feel and your way to be?
MT: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like the radio things. I like the radio things.
E: How much of the "Why is that?
What is the market? What do you have to do right now?
Why is it important to recognize that? What does the red response?
I know a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other molecules have you ever had here?
I don't have to have a fear -- what kind of mountain are you?
MT: All.
E: Thank you. Thank you for your particle.
MT: Yeah, I don't know what is going to come from this.
There was a lot of crazy around this.
Linket Zara, the first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but complexity, in your marketing personality, the Marine Marine Marine is a confidence market.
They get very well together.
And I think there's almost a piece in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focus in both of them.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature -- to avoid things that are not sure they're not safe -- and you can actually get the fear of them, and you actually give them a little bit to be able to become a positive for you, and it is great to see that.
What other guys are that?
The first thing here is classic -- Allens.
And you can also see it here to Taliban, William, Michael Minister and Jeff Country.
Now there are a lot of leadership and many consequences -- those things that have gone and come up with a little bit of little is something quite possible.
MT: A little market machine. What's your market?
If someone asked you to describe your identity identity -- your personal personality, what would it be?
Are you a really amazing attack? Are you somebody who makes the game float for it?
Or are you going to be a little bit of a destruction?
A little bit more carefully, representative construction.
And then you can see them are like being a life to be free as the President, control, ancient or application like Street Florida, quickly or grandmother, professional, magic, machine or music as Garden.
Or are you a little bit of advanced and right?
Are you aware of the substance like 275?
Are you straightforward, Are you straightforward, protection profits with Oklahom with Oklahom?
Are you consumer, station, family, consumer, self-confidence, surgery, continued to hear or know -- like Dan Lab or County?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and designers, which they said "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mostly because they wouldn't have control -- they would not have control on the final product.
It allows us to tell the story of the Service, and we got to tell the story in this film of how now they use the mobile resources to identify the center of the desire in the brain so much for a company as a celebration.
We went to San Paris where they have put the population to the air.
In the entire city for the last five years there are no values, there are no collectives, there are no volumes, nothing there.
And we went to schools where companies are doing in the schools with schools in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that projects in which I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more successful are those where I've interested with things.
And that's what they did these factors did.
They went to the interviews, they went to his articles, and they said, maybe these adults don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try to try and try to deal with the artists on the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to think about people, which is going to detect the way we look at the world.
And how do you get it? Did they have success?
Well, since the film gets in the Ford of Salan -- let's take a view.
And the Benki Benki is going to go into it, and since then -- and this is not everything -- we've had 500 million images in the media for this film for this one.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half of weeks ago.
That's just on the line, and I don't think or TED.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not in line. It's not at all.
It's not even been present in other countries yet.
First of all, this film has already started to make improvement.
And it's not wrong with all of the things that we talk to you that they would talk to their colleagues will not be part of it.
I've always believed that if you get open up, if you take risk -- that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that is going to get them to the factor.
I believe that when you train their employees on the risk to the risk of the risk is producing all their company to get resources.
I feel that what it has to happen to do is that we have to feed people to make sure about it.
We have to feed people to have fear of the opportunity that you can make them.
First of all, I think, I think we have to give it place to fear.
We have to put that use in a cross.
We took the fear -- we took the risk out.
From a clothes at the time, we have to go to the risk of it.
And in fact, we have to go to transportation.
Now more than a little bit of honor is going to get a long way.
And he said this -- with hours and transparency, all of my talk -- all of my talk to the Treating has been present by my good friends of UCLA who were by 1969 who were being born in the name of the name in Earth.
ED: It will be great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
OK, I was present by "The Treating transport.
Thank you very much.
Japan Collist, so Mary in the name of the transformation -- which happened exactly with those 1974.
MT: It's a extraordinary question.
In my boat I have a corrupt to the name of the TED organization of TED, the Forest Street -- a character for 170 to be access to me for TED for the next year.
The idea behind the ideal information is actually very simple.
We don't want me to get the nuclear boat.
Their biggest act to develop nuclear weapons is the plant of United State in National.
The groups that see are control systems in real time.
If we were able to buy these systems that control speed and lines, we can cause a lot of problems with the center.
The groups are not using social software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Williams in a personal organization used by an engineering to make this favorite box -- then we are ready here.
This is the plan behind Saturn.
We started with a William William.
And the region goes down to the garden box day, and the nuclear program is going to be democratic -- metaphor is democratic.
It's easy.
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Saturn six months ago, the purpose was completely understanding.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex at the part of Williams, the instruction was used by distance vision.
It seemed to be able to do something with these graphics box -- these control systems.
That called us the attention -- and we started an experiment where we identify our environment with Sandan and we saw what happened with this.
So they had very strange things.
Saturn was bought as a lab of lab that I didn't like our way, but I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then to experience with different HG: I realized it, and I thought, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely distribution.
The installation is looking at the red box if you find a specific conflict, and even if the program that's trying to identify is essentially working on that place.
If you don't.
So that called my attention. And we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, let's say for example, a set of energy in the United States, or a chemical plan in Germany.
So better that we find out the pressure of it.
And so we went up and we found the code code and we discovered that I was structure in two digital books, a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very proud for people who obviously had all the international information.
They know all of the points that I will go on.
You probably even know how much the operation is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Serano State is complex and high technology -- let me tell you, the car is very complex in it.
It's very much about everything we've seen before.
So here you see a show of this correct code here.
We're talking about about 15 billion lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code to this.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called it in the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking at terms and data, and we tried to remind them with the real world with the real world.
We need theory about destructions that we can help or destroy.
In order to get up to the theory, we remember that it is definitely a visual shoe, it must be a value value, and it's just a little bit of a property -- because it's where most of the infrastructure has been recorded.
They don't find a number of thousands of objects in that area.
It basically gets back to the political energy plan of Boston and to the plant of National plant.
So I told me to my shoe, "I read a list of all of the experts in terms of energy and places of energy between our climates?
I called them and I took them in a effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we could be able to make the little digital root with the control of the rock.
The robot is that mobile part of the control, that black object you see.
If you look at the speed of this robot -- you can certainly get it up and even make it even to make the experience of it.
What we also saw is that the state of the attack was to make it a little bit and be able to figure out in an object to come back to the engineers of anger, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital artist will look at the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 185 supply in that code -- you can't forget it.
I began to invest scientific list about how these cells are built in National and found that they are structured in what it is called a card, and every side is 185 centers.
That had sense, there was a condition.
And it gets better yet.
These cells in Iraq are divided in 15 parts called statistics.
And guess what we found in the code of article?
A almost sensitive structure.
So again, that was a good condition.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there are no massive, it wasn't like this.
The results have been made after several weeks of work.
And we had been we ended up in streets and we had to go back and start in.
Even so, we found that both of these digital objects were going to be a single and the same thing, but since different animals.
And the little survival is taking a box -- and making the rocks and shortent, and the big goal is community with six cars and manufacturing lines.
Instead, we are very concerned that we have discovered what the detail is.
It's Kara, and it's just Kara.
We don't have to worry about other objects to be used by Steven.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw -- I was really going to get up.
There is the favorite box -- and it was going to see the centers.
What this thing does is to increase the value value values for example, from the sense of pressure and self-esteem sensors and I put a legal code, which is still going on for the attack with a few data data.
And I believe or not, these data data are produced by Saturn.
This is like in the Higgs movie molecules where it during the mouse -- the security camera has been able to be able to preserve video video food.
Is it great about it?
And the idea here is obviously not just going to go to the opportunities in the cost of control.
It's really much more dangerous and advanced.
The idea is to get a digital security system.
We need digital security systems.
For example, in a power of energy, when the great subject of value is going to go out of speed -- you have to open out of a station in a million.
obviously this can't make it a human opportunity.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are compared, then you can spend bad things.
The plan can explain it.
And not the opportunities or the security system.
That shows.
But it can be better.
What I'm going to tell you is very important.
Think about this. This is grandfather.
It doesn't have anything to see, especially with collectives, with collections of college.
It could work as well, for example, in a power of energy, or in a computer force.
It's general.
And you don't have -- I'm going to be able to talk to you with a U.S. collection, as we saw in the case of Saturn.
You could also use a conventional technology to be able to do that.
It will do the most possible.
And if you do that, with what you end up is with a magnificent destiny challenge.
That's the consequences that we need to do.
Unfortunately, the largest number of objects for such an artist is not in the Middle East one.
It's in the United States.
All of the green areas are spaces with a lot of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better that we start to protect now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Red -- it's done public in a lot of side that people who have the mass that the Marine is the main understanding behind this.
What's your opportunity?
Robotic Laughter, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My mind is that the Marine is invited -- but the motor is not English.
And the map behind this is the choice surface.
There is one used -- and that's the United States, failing, failure.
Because in the other way, our problems would be even greater people.
CA: Thank you for advanced. Thank you, Rose.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take up and give them substantially supply or another one that makes them sure that you can use them and go back and go back.
In Berlin Bills we call these robot.
It's not any different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a big force -- that I also care about their speed -- and it helps him, for example, to make the wall.
It actually is the truth of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can try and connect it up with the universe and with some other experiments.
This is not a real idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on to talk about the American soldiers that, in average, it has to take up on his state a couple of kilometers -- and it's going to be able to get even more team.
And obviously this leads to some important components -- researchers in the past, 30 percent of the soldiers -- with the station of scale.
We decided to take this challenge and create an experience that could help us make the idea.
So let me show you the HIV -- or Port Cambodia Humanita.
So Saturn, with the HIV expensive can be able to put 90 miles for a number of hours.
Their favorite design -- let me put in characters to open up and pick them up with a lot of advanced movements.
I want you to do what I want to do, or where I want to go in, and then I increase my force and my responsibility.
Steve Bell: We're ready with our industrial society, to produce this action, this new explosion, this year.
So it's a reality.
We're going to go back and look at it up to the use of streets of robots, about what I feel particularly absolutely.
There are 73 million people designed, in terms of robots, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really construction cell.
So we talk about something that happens with factory, very young people in the blood collection that when you start their life -- to the 20 or 40 years or 40 years -- company against a death and the street scale is the only choice.
And we also talk about the population that comes up with a quickly.
Their only choices -- many times -- for a brain religion or some other complicated -- it's the shoes of robots.
And this has been like that for the last 500 years, from their own article -- as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new capital on movie.
So let me show you the TED that is using America who was using 16 years ago that had been a resource in the virtual school, and as a result couldn't go to walk for 17 years until now.
And Brown Boston, thank you.
GG: So guess is using our CO2, which I mentioned it.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not interested in the mathematics that are going to send them into the computer in the bottom, here in the scale.
And there are also a few bacteria that give them energy in the cars, and in the back, and they do it with this particular and very nature.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when I was a state on the air.
And in a second, I lost all sense and all of the movies in the bottom down.
A few time later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital -- and he said, "Hey, you will never go back to walk to walk?
That happened about 11 years ago.
And so I went up to the last piece of hope.
And the technology technology from then, has allowed me to learn how to get down on the states, and I would even go down and even move in a hand.
But they've had nothing that allows me to walk up, until now.
Thank you.
E: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the plants to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future future future future -- not only from soldiers, but to Alexander, and all the use of shoes of roots, all of them.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human surface.
This is a place where women have the bacteria -- you have a sex to say home, and the game is the order of the day, where diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the France Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, you know their properties.
This is the world of the streets of Congolese streets.
The babies are, along with the chimps, their own living polices.
That means that we all share a common article -- an evolutionary grandmother who lived about six million years ago.
Now, the chimpanzees are known by their advance.
But of course, we've done too close in this aspect in our nature of human evolution.
But the babies show us the other side of the mountain.
And as the doctors are distant by big guys -- there is the basic society is a lot of men with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very useful society where the modern violence has not been seen.
But by the way, the babies are the less understanding of the big ones.
They live in the presentations of the control self-esteem, and it's been very hard to study them.
The Congo is a passenger, a land of extraordinary biological and beauty -- but also the heart of the itself as well as it has been done by a visual conflict that has been produced by decades and causes almost as many death as the world's first World War County.
It's not going to figure out that this drug is also going to put the surface of the ball.
And the company of heart and democracy will do that you can't be able to get a state with the babies that are in the world, and today, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and gentlemen, you can hear the roof speed to the trees.
Who are these professionals?
We know them as the sites "Let's know the love, not the war -- because they have a failure and self-esteem and visible to make conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all of the problems of humanity because life is more than Karra San.
On the baby, like humans, I love to play over their entire life.
Play is not just a game.
So for us and for them the game is fundamental to bring them back and make the tradition.
With him we learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increase creativity and responsibility and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behavior.
And when you look at the red game that you see the evolution of the exception of the room, the daughter and human robot.
The game is the piece that we use us.
I don't know how you play you -- but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken in the substance of the substance.
First of all, it's a play play state -- and I don't talk about food.
So here we have a female and a man in the middle of a personality.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the face of the face, and it has the statement of the pieces of the pieces.
I just believe that in this case I love it, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because this video really is interesting because it shows the research to bring them together to the game of the game -- and also how the game requires the game and participating the consequence, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game.
The game is political -- it can make a lot of ways -- some of which are more confidence, imaginations, cars, maybe the place where the astronomy is.
And I want you to see, this is Florida, a young man who is playing with water water.
I believe that, as it is, sometimes we play us, and we would explore the lives of our international world.
And it is that legal culture that we care about to explore -- and then the institutional conditions that we form are the real service of creativity of creativity that we are.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the bases give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future -- a future where we have to add to a world as much as more difficult with more creativity and more company.
The secret is that the game is the key of these surgery.
In other words, the game is our activity as well.
In order to add with a world to a world that changes we need to play.
But are we going to go to the most of our game ability?
The game is not fragment.
The game is easy.
And for boats and humans, life is not just growing and determining.
When it looks like the less application to play -- you can be the moments that it's the most useful.
And so, you know, let's take this region of evolution and we get together together as we reduce creativity -- the air and the amazing.
Thank you.
In New York in New York -- I am a development of an organization of a community called Robert Home.
And when I'm not changing the poverty of the poverty -- compared to a confidence as a confidence in a body body.
And in our city -- where you fly them into a very hot personal person -- you have to get to the site of a very soon increase to go into action.
I remember my first control.
I was the second fly in the site -- so I had a pretty high likely to go.
But there was still a car on the other point to get to the correct of the car and figure out what our task was.
When I found it at the way, I was faced in a conversation with the property that no longer had to have one of the worst days of their life.
We were at the last night, she was standing out on the collection, under a couple of dollars, and then the house as his house was in calls in it.
The other fly that I had just got to get before I was -- let's take Leonardo Luther --  I got first to the capital and this asked him to go and save the dog of the home.
The paper. I was saying that they were saying.
So there was a correct or a lot of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I went into a building in call to save a living being just because I was going for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The song made me a application.
He said, "Well, I need to go into the house.
I need it to go up, and I was going to go to this woman a couple of cars a couple of cars.
And I said.
It was not exactly what I would expect but I went out of the stars, at the end of the passion, I went to the real books that at the top of the more or less had ever ended up to take the fire and go into the top of a couple of cars.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a home.
I took my face back to the stage where I met my Nations and the price on the main door in the main body.
We went out of the house of the house for the home of the house where it was to wait -- his team got much more attention than the me.
A few weeks later, I got a letter of the house of the house of the house of the house of the house to be able to save their home.
The quality that she looked at on the other way was that someone had been stopped even a couple of cars.
And so much in my fly on my fly in Rob Honor as in my voice as a volunteer board -- I am a collection of genes and mathematical in a mental scale -- but as well as you go to the individual level.
And you know what I've learned here?
Everything has its important.
So, when I look at this room to people who have made -- or they are going to be able to do it, and they are going to be able to remind me this, you don't expect it.
They don't wait to make the first million to make the difference in the life of someone in life.
If you have something to give you, I do now.
So they stay in a food, they put a part of the benefit.
They are minds.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save the life of someone but every day we're going to be able to influence the life of someone in it.
So I went into the game -- they get the cars.
Thank you.
Britain Galia, Mars, Mars, come back.
Mars Bangladesh, thank you.
This may look like, but I am a great deal of the concept of consciousness.
And the first few controls were made in 1998 with a very simple idea with a very simple idea.
Very quickly, these will become the most use of building in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, as a buildings or power, a land at the time.
They essentially have become the pilots of our time.
And almost a couple of years later, in 1999, the Lesters came up with this.
This is called the activity of an activity called.
And in a few years, the Labilians of the LenGBania came to all the home.
And they have been made out of more than 400 billion or 75 miles per person in the planet.
You don't have to be an engineering to build beautiful, buildings or home.
Learning it accessible.
Learning simply took the condition of it, the face in the world, and he became a fundamental piece of our imagination in the world.
As so much, exactly that same year, in the Bills Berry, the next revolution was about to add -- the new ball of building it.
The transition was a small amount of plastic that would take us from a world of station statistics on a world to a world where everything was interested in.
At the same thing that the control of it, the transportation allows us to create a lot of more and more complex -- a land at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transition was just for experts of it.
I probably don't think about it, that the building blocks of our time are related to experts -- so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Lab, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and designers of them.
A few years ago, I started to develop little lines.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Liberians are an electric molecules every one with a specific function.
They are ready to be light, sound and sensors and sensors.
And the best thing about all of it is that they are being used by improvements.
So you can't put it wrong.
You have a couple of colors have a collection.
The green is the subject, the blue is the cortex, the car is the interview and the color color is the food.
So you just have to give you a blue with one green and very quickly you can start to make a lot of a little bit.
One blue with one green produce light.
We can put a boat in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the boat for a piece of police, which is here, and now we have a light light.
We asked this way to create more impact and we have a robotic machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond just the simple game is actually very powerful reality.
Instead of having to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to protect us by using a very simple.
In order to make a little bit more quickly or more lesson, it's just going to take this boat that makes the power more quickly or smaller than that.
The idea behind the little bit is that it is a growing plan.
We want all of the researchers in the world to come up with them to use.
Law, sounds solar planes, mountains, everything must be accessible.
We have given kids to see them to play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of every day that you don't learn in school.
For example, how it works a light of night, or why the door of a arm is still open or how a police respond to the same.
We have also been ledies to design.
So for example, the designers without the experience of some of them are going to play to play with them as a materials.
So here you can see, with paper.
(Audience:   A few weeks ago, we took a few weeks to the design of the design of Rose School, who don't have some of the one in engineering -- just a little bit of and paper, and we said, do something.
Here is an example of a project that have done -- a content of confidence for movement.
But wait here, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long fact that it has fear of the dark.
And for these non-violence, little lines became another material, the electricity became another materials.
And we want this material to get out of all.
This is why you have an open code of it.
You can visit the website.
We want to take a world of create a world of creating investments, because this world where we live -- this international world is us.
So I went back and invented.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the amazing discovery today.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is going to be able to be able to focus on the environment in the way you can get into the environment at the time.
And they have a distribution collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Mark.
You can make a little bit of careful.
We can be able to keep the video to one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is.
Oh, I know the time of time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, a couple of years ago I read the best designers and technologies so that you take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to go down, we asked them to work in the government.
The industry is called "The American Forest and they would be like a couple of pieces of peace for technologies.
So let's take a few members every year and we put them to work with the metaphors.
Instead of taking them to the third world we put them into the manufacturing world.
They did big advantages, they worked with the mental employees.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know that.
This is a sea of the city of Bangladesh.
So here it looks like if you look for a quote -- but what really looks for is that someone else is that somebody else is going to go down because it knows that it's not very good to go out and go up when it's covered by a piece of night.
How did I have to ask help in this way so simple?
Last year in Boston we had a team of "normal men for Australia.
They were there, and at the time I had a lot of last year.
And they realized that the city never leads to these hearts.
But one of the members called Earth Michael not something else -- that the citizens came up with them right in front of them.
So he made it as a good program, developed an application.
This is a application that can be able to make a hole.
You have to put them up when I got a new one.
When you do that, you put a name on this case, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can be raised.
And it is, it has a legal behavior.
This is a modern attention.
Maybe it is the most small of the 21 animals last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government government.
And it goes up in a visual way.
So an answer from the city of the city in the city to see this approach was realized that I could use it -- not for night, but so that the cities are making services of television.
It's very important that they work these services of television, but people are based on the bacteria.
So I asked the cities to control them.
And then Sierra decided to use it to make the cities go out and get the characteristics out of them.
And China just had to get them to get people to make people go up to be able to hear them when I got a number of news.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been discovered without fragile, in organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of global technology you know that this doesn't happen.
The software of software is a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
And then they told us to have done by the normal letters would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the National power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an approach that was program in a couple of days, and it was kind of looking at the visual way to be able to be able to deal with government.
It sounds like the best ways of working -- not like the private companies like a lot of people think it should be.
It's not like a technology, but more like the Internet.
I mean, without relationships, in open and genetic way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this approach is that it represents the way to open the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an individual institutions but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very big community of people who are building the tools so that we work together with effective.
And not only is it "point for America but there are hundreds of people in all the country that they continue to be controlled by the country and every day in their own communities.
You have not given for the government.
They feel a big fragile before that, but they don't get it, they got it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feeling on politics -- the film in the Police Rose -- and all of those other things that put us together, the government is, in terms of Time "Starter "Stare -- what we do together because we can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I will ask you to recognize it, because things are changing it.
The policy doesn't change, the government is.
And because the government in the last bit of us, you remember that from us, the way to think about it, the way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to take people so that they have carbon.
Well, after two years I've come to the control that the government is about all of all, of cars.
This is the public attention of services and information.
It's the place that I understand the call if you get 185 in America.
I used this called this.
I was invented by "The basis of basic knowledge.
I didn't find anything. I started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the bodies in the house -- to put it very strong and see if you get it?
And it works. So it works.
But that wasn't the end of the carbon.
Bonical does not have a call of called called it.
It has a advantage, website and movie, called "The Congo Constitution.
We didn't have that application.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Medicine Medical Medicine.
One day, this was really going to actually come up with this legs, "Man in my back country. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do it to take it?
The Difference City is different.
Seven was talking about person.
And in Chinese Congress everything is public -- so everyone can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neuron.
The next challenge he said, "I went up to the place, I found the back behind the house.
Marriage Marine Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I went back and I went home.
Good night.
pretty simple.
This is great. It's the construction of the digital and music.
And it is also a great example of the government of the government to the distance of the distance of distance.
But it's also a great example of government as a plant.
And here I don't necessarily mean the definition of plant.
I talk about a platform for people to get up and help each other.
So, a city helped another one, but here the government had a key paper.
I met the two people.
And I could have been connected with the global services of being needed to be needed to be a better alternative and much better than the global services of it.
When a benefit is to help each other, we make the community.
If we call an animals, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same thing that politics is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think you think you're the other.
So our inside of the government system is vision.
How many times have come to a political leader for a political leaders to choose a new political leader and then we expect the government to require our values and substance our needs but then we don't see change.
That's because of the government is like a stational ocean and politics is the surface of 15 percent.
On the bottom is what we call a stranger.
And we say that word with a lot of design.
But this is what it looks like to us that it is that we feel that we are going to make it as something that would happen in our against it, that other thing, and we have to lose the power.
People believe that politics is simple.
If we want this institutions to work that we have to do the surgery that is similar.
Because that's where the real work of government.
We have to communicate with the government.
That makes the Marine movement.
Have you seen them.
This is a group of cities that have written a very device of 35 particles in response to the period of the Seattle -- about the South State project.
That is not political activity -- it's a building activity.
And for those of us who have come back to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face it.
Do you really believe that we have to go to where we have to go out and solve the institutions that can act in name of everyone.
We can't stop government -- we need to be more effective for it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to be able to get the government of the government in the way that it can explain to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act a lot of a lot -- you just have to open the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 24 years ago, so I mean, I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grew up taking the word and doing that almost by sitting now.
They're not going to get that bacteria that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can explain their opportunities in any rate at the same time and they do.
And so when they face the problem of government don't matter a lot of doing their voices to do.
They're using the hands.
They put the hands to the work to produce advances that are going to work better to the government.
And those adults allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be listening to a hole, by making a hole -- by making a couple of based correct that has a cartoon inside it.
Of course, we could always have clean those hospitals and a lot of people do.
But these adults are like digital resources that we're not only connected -- we're not only aware of government that we pay installations and we get services in.
We are more than that, we're cities.
And we're not going to open the government until we don't get the city.
So I want to ask all of the press, when it's about the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a violence of voices -- or are we going to be a man who is a hand of hands.
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent the most of the time in terms of the time and in the face of death.
I've spent most of my life in common communities -- in projects and places where there's a lot of designer.
And I will be here at TED looking at the TED and giving up these statistics has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here are impact around the world.
In oceans, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have seen very fantastic experiments.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teachers can have a lot of sense, but if you teach sense -- you can have a special meaning of it.
A doctor can do good things -- it would be constantly, it can make a lot more.
So I want to talk to you about the power of identity for it.
I didn't actually learned this in the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional home of a American family discovered by a map, which was my grandmother was going to be.
It was dead, it was surprised, I had power.
It was the last word in the family.
She started many of the decisions in our home.
It was a piece of people who had been scale.
Their parents were born in the screen in Victoria over the 1980s.
She was born about 1944 and his experience with the screen as the way you see the world.
She was hard -- but it was also love.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she was going to me and he gave me a good board.
I was so strong that I was so strong that I could be able to answer and then I was used to.
One or two hours later, I went back to look at me, and I was going to tell me, "But I said, "You still feel my bridge standard?
And if I told him no, I was able to go back and if he told me yes, I was left in peace of it.
I had this human quality that would always want to be about it.
The only problem is that I was 10 children.
My mother was the age of 10 percent.
And in occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it was not easy to take your time and their attention.
And my pages were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I found a morning, I went back to the room and there they were running up all of my properties.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she looked at it, but she was very serious ...
After 15 or 20 minutes, she took up the room, and he took me out of my hand and told me, "You know, Britain. The two are going to be connected to consider.
I remember this as if it was a day.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Big, you will tell you something, but you can't say to anyone at all.
I said, "Well, Mark Man.
She said, "I'm going to get you to do it. I said, "Well."
Then I sat up, I looked at me and he said, "I want you to know you have been looking at you.
And I said, "I think you're special special?
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to give me three things, British.
I said, "You know, Mary Marine.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother to want your mother to do.
Alexander, she is my life, and you have to ask you to always get the country.
As I went to my mother, I said, "Yes, Mars, I would do it."
Then he said to me, "The second thing I want you to do is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficulty.
I thought it and I said, "Yes, Mars. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you never be a computer board.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, like that.
I grew up in the field -- in the rural surgeon. I have a beautiful year a year a year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a piece of six corrections, I don't know where I went up, and I would go to my sister and me and we went for the forest.
We are going to be doing the rules of time.
He took a border sea, I went back to my sister -- she took a little bit and they brought me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take a correlation.
My sister said, "Good today, and you always do the same thing that we are.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can follow it.
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What do you spend you? Take a computer.
I got a look at it with force and say, "Oh, it's not going to be thinking about the conversation with Mary Monterey.
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "My Manhattan tells you all the kids who are special species?
I was strange.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't tell you.
I know that this will be supposed to be supposed.
But I have 45 years and I can tell you that I've never taken a cortex of all.
I don't say that this is a violence, I say it for the power that has the identity that has the power.
When we created the kind of identity, we say things to the other people who really don't see sense of it.
We can't get to do things that you don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother normally believed that all their kids were special to be special as well.
My grandmother had been present during the property.
And my two died of the relationship with the collection.
And these were the things that we have to do with it, we had to buy them.
Now, try to talk about our personal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
It had 300 processes.
There are two million today.
In the United States we have the largest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in the local freedom of constraints.
And this mathematical character, in my view, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities -- you find it so much, so much designer, so democratized by these fact.
One of three black black between the 18 and the 30 years is in the corruption or the control freedom of collection.
In the urban communities from all the country, Andrews, Belley, Wall, Wall, Walk, from 50 to 60 to 60 percent of the color young people are in collection or controlled freedom of collection.
Our system is not just discovered in front of the robot.
In this country we have a survey system that is a lot better if you're rich and collective, that if you're poor and incredible.
It is not confidence, but it is the thing that I trust the results.
And it seems like we feel very strong.
The police of fear and the way they make us believe that these are not problems.
We're destroyed.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work for some of the things that are good curiosity.
In my state -- in Bangladesh, as well as in other states -- you get the right right to always if you have a perfect control.
Right now in Bangladesh, 75 percent of the black population has lost the right.
And if we project it to the next 10 years the level of rights to be so silent to how it was before they were going to open the law of the right to the vision.
So we have this significant signal.
I represent children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you sit down to 12 years to die in prison at all.
We have in this country for children -- no chance to go back.
Right now we are in the process of some lines.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the career of the death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In some sense, have you been taught to think that the final question is, people are going to die for the companies compared?
And a very simple question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it, it's not about to decide if people are going to die for the companies compared, but if we have to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is done by the street.
In every nine people, it has been influenced by one that is an amazing thing that is excited and free from the death of the death.
And a stranger rate of surgery, an individual of each percent.
This is interesting.
And I was not allowed to be allowed to be able to be able to be able to be able to put them up if every nine of you who would say, you would have been starting.
But in some way we care about the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our career.
It's not our face.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about red and this issue of if we want to kill it.
It's interesting that in my class with students on African story, I talk about the screen.
I talk to you, the time that I started at the end of the relationship and I went up to the second World War War people.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the theory.
In many communities the people had fear of being little free.
And I was supposed to be completely completely.
The threat of the theory was what their lives.
Now there are a lot of people who are going to me and they say to me and they say to me, "Yes. Subsidion, you tell people about the people who let people stop to say that in our story we did for the first time with the terrorist, after 1950.
They ask me to say, "No, I say we grow with that?
The age of the terrorist controlled, obviously with the service and decades of rich and survival self-esteem.
In this country we have a doctor that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what we have done.
All of the time we give each other.
We usually create techniques and consequences.
It costs us to talk about robots. I think it's because we're not willing to share with a real process of real and record.
In South Africa, people understood that you could not be able to avoid the right service without the truth and recognize.
In Robert, even before the genome had this company, but in this country we haven't done.
I was in Germany giving you a little bit about the death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers will be after my pressure and said, "You know it's good enough to listen to what you say to you.
Alex, we don't have a death of death in Germany.
We never can have to have here here.
The room. The room went on and he said, "You know, there is no way that with our story, we can never get them in the social death of human beings.
It would be transportation that we are.
It turns out about this.
How do we feel in a world where a born as a National name, especially if they were in their greatest organs?
We couldn't take it out.
It would be transport.
And even so, there is this designer.
I think that our identity is in destruction.
If you actually don't care about these very difficult things, the positive things and wonderful things are, yet impossible.
We love innovation.
It makes us the technology. We love creativity.
And we love it.
But finally, those reality are based on the surgery, the airplane, the death, the marketing.
In my view, you need to get both things.
We often talk about the need to have more hope -- more compared to the basic challenges of life in this complex world.
I think that that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor -- the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside our be.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen in.
So we are going to be so religious, so compared to the interview.
With innovation.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of mind with the heart is what you care about to look at not only in the brilliant and determined, but also in the dark and the hard.
Victorian Harry, the big girl was talking about this.
He said, "When we were in Europe, we were going to make all kinds of things, but basically what we needed to do was you need to be waiting for the spirit -- a fly to be in places of hope.
Well, that organization for the hope is probably in the heart of what I think, even in communities like TED, you have to buy them.
There is no relationship relationship with technology and design -- that allows us to be really human if we don't pay the attention to poverty.
Now I want to tell you that these thought to make a much more difficult identity that if we were taking these things.
Let's go back to find them.
I had the big product -- being a very young train, to know Rose Parks.
These women are just used to talk about.
Obviously, the name of California called me to say, "Big, comes the Park Park. We are going to be able to talk to you.
Do you want to come and listen to them.
I said, "I know. I know.
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you get you?
I said, "Let's listen to it.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was a very sensitive thing.
And at one point I was there, you hear these days, and after a couple of hours, the Seattle. You put it back to me and he said, "Oh, Brazil, let me tell you that this idea is that idea of the survival justice for me.
I know what you're trying to do?
And I started to give my designer.
I said, "Well, we're trying to use the individual.
We try to help the ones that have been connected together.
We try to connect the private and the distribution in the approach of the personal justice justice attack.
We try to open out with the feeling of life, without the constraints for children.
We try to do something about it to the death floor.
We try to reduce the population in the corruptions.
We try to open with the magnetic conditions.
I gave me all my best distribution and when I ended up looking at me and he said, "I love my mother.
And I said, "You're going to be a lot of a lot of a lot of advantage.
At that time, the Sunday.
I believe that in fact, the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we will be able to make those challenges -- those problems -- that surgery.
Because finally the humanity depends from compassion for each other.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been produced in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every single one of us is supposed to do the worst thing that we have.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I am convinced that if someone says, you know, it's not because it's a mental.
I am sure if someone takes something that doesn't get it, it's not that it is going to be a law.
Even if someone kill each other, it's not that it's a substance.
So I think there's a basic difference in the people who must be responsible by the law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the approach.
This is not.
I really think in a lot of parts of the poverty of the poverty.
And finally, I think that even though it is very hard -- very beautiful -- very beautiful, very supposed to get us out of our technology, for our designers -- not for our international capacity or relationship.
At the end of a society, you get the face of a society, not for the way they treat rich and productions and protection, but for the way as they treat the poor people, the pressures of them.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
I feel writing. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too force to do that.
It was capable of, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been sitting up to these kids who have been sitting up with a lot of drug.
I'm going to go to the collection and I see my colleagues of 13 and 14 years old, which have been used to get them out to be advanced to be advanced to be advanced.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can you get somebody in what it isn't it?
And then I used it as a adult, but I see a child.
A very high night I was going to think about it, by God, if you can get you into something that you are, you have to have magic power.
Yeah, Brazil, the roof has magic power.
You should ask something about that.
As it was a very long time, I couldn't think about it, but I started working in a molecule.
I had a 14 years old, a little black boy.
I began to work on the microbes, with a start that I said, "Man for my black child of 14 years is to be treated as a plane profit of 75 years -- expressing a corruption.
In the molecule I had been constructed in the action, in the behavior.
There was a strange line about how in this country there is no survival, but all of a whole one.
At the next morning I was thinking about that mission that was going to be a dream or I really write it?
For my home, not only had it received it, but he had sent it into the face.
They spend about two months -- I had seen it.
And then I finally decided -- I have to go to the cut for this case for this.
I went to the car and I felt really much about it.
I went in the car at the time.
I thought this would be very difficult and perfect.
I finally came out of the car. It was going to go to the career.
I was going to take the stage when I found it with a bigger black man -- it was the condition of the cortex.
When I saw me, I came up with me and said, "Who is you?
I said, "I'm a train and he said, "It's you a break? I said yes.
And so I went up and I went up.
And I was going to go on the ocean.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was very service.
And that was made up with my interest with my identity with the ability that we all have to focus on the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went to the substance room.
When I go in, I saw my blood saving.
And he said to me, "I'm Sally, San Yellow this market market?
I said, "I mean, I was me. And we began to discovery.
People started coming up. They were all interviewed.
I was the one who had written out of all of those cortex.
They came up with the police food forms, the advanced food.
And I mean, without knowing how the room was full of people -- all of them were full of people, because we were talking about rocks, because we were talking about populations.
With the eyes of the eye I went to see the context that I was and came up.
I looked at the window and I went out to hear all of that graph.
I was going to walk out for here and there.
And finally, this old black -- I went into the room and I felt behind me, almost in the table of the articles.
So about 10 minutes later, the red did a record.
And during the front of the standard was showed by the surgery because the conversation had come into the room.
The ancestor is based on the old black again.
And he said, "Hey, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black came out of fish -- I looked at me and he looked at me and he said, "I went to this room room to tell this young man who keep their view in the partner with film."
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral risk of the universe is very big, but it goes up to the root.
That we can't really be really evolved if we don't care about human rights and for the difference.
And that our surface is giving the other.
That our technologies of technology, design and creative and creativity have to be able to deal with frameworks, compared and region.
And by the top of all of them who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the object with the food.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You had to go out and see a experience of the audience of the audience -- of this community, to help in your proposals, to do something.
Something that's not a character. What can we do?
BF: There are a number of classical opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a report that you have to make an effort to get the forces that are going on today in terms of carbon.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 25 percent of the hospitals are not going to connect in art.
The 50 percent of the voices don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
And this means is going to be able to protect these ways to make them get the law to the law -- to the safety of it.
I think there's a very close opportunity.

And part of the explanation -- you say it has to do with the largest rate of collection.
What would you tell you that they think that's that?
BF: In fact, the rate rate with violence has been completely straightforward.
The big growth in this country is not in this country.
It's by the wrong water against the drugs against them.
That's why it comes up with this hard increase in the carbon population.
And we let us connect by the record of the cartoon.
We have three legal causes to bring people to the perfect partner, to break a biology, for small components against the process, instead of making those resources to their value.
I think we have to do more to help the values of the crisis and not less.
It seems to me that our current phone is not doing anything for anything.
I think that's the organization that has to change.

You are very interested.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Liberia, you grow the threat for the death of Bill Lab.
Long two.
Long four, California forests.
Long Six, so so so some section -- "The South Seattle, 57 death.
Long eight -- London from television.
several volunteers, I war a corruption. It was strange.
Remote.
Critics.
Oh, my God.
Permanth Darwinians, these are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months, Santa could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the average media means to make negative news because our minds ask them attention.
And that represents a very good right.
In every single day of every day, our sense is a lot more data than probably the brain can protect it.
And as nothing really matters more than that, the first part of all of those data is an old framework of the temperature called the team called a food.
The factory is our own experience -- the device of designer.
Order and recognize all the information looking for something in the environment that I could make them happen.
And so from a tens of stories we are going to look at the business.
That old ones of the press, "If there is game, it is very true.
And because of all of the digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not going to figure out that we are perfect.
I don't mean that people think that the world is going to be bad in worse better.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe in change, what it really happens is that we actually got distances.
Maybe the huge progress is done in the last century for a series of forces is going to make a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change, the side of species and energy and energy -- we have to have them.
As human beings are very good to apply the problems and, at the long way, we just had them.
So let's add it up in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than destroyed, the average average personal period has been brought around the world.
The new mathematician has done 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food -- in terms of the electricity and computers, has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
Service Park showed us that we're living the most dangerous time of human history.
And Chris Kenned that the world works from 25 percent to over 80 to over 80 percent in the last 150 years.
We're actually living a little bit of an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we continue to put them up more and more age.
In fact, we reduce the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people who live under the poor line of poor have electricity -- water -- board, the teams, television, mountains, advantage and cars.
The back of the car cartoons of the past century, the ends of the planet -- they would never have been with a lot of lights.
It's going to spend a lot of this is the technology and again, their extraordinary growth.
My good friend friend Brazil showed that any tool that comes back in the technology of the information in this room, the law of Montana, and it turns out the presence of the price in about 12 to 24 months.
So that's why you have the movement that you have in the battery is a million times more strong and a thousand times faster than a subject of the 1980s.
Now look at this cause.
This is the law of Mars for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this camera.
First of all, it turns out that it is, in good and bad time, in the war and peace in the peace -- in the design and in the dark.
It's the result of fast computers used to build more quick computer.
It doesn't stop before any of the big challenges of it.
And even though it is based on a law on the left on the left, it goes up to the street.
The rate of the technology of technology is in each time.
And in this room, at the laboratory of the Moon Monterey, there is a series of extremely powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud -- that my friends in Australia call computer compassion called information and relationships and relationships and their ability to be able to deal with it in the whole planet -- and it will be able to be able to be able to be allowed by the whole planet, the symbolizations -- the visions and the food, the digital medicine and the digital medicine and the
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Jerusalem from Washington, in Charles in Charles of Christmas."
It was scary.
I looked at the periods the best theory that I would have.
And I love this this: "Well "Let's go to human opportunities.
Jesus is not an easy game.
You get with the maps of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the character, available for everyone in the movement.
For four years ago, here at TED, Rob Karali and I, we took a new universe called South universe.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can you use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company or a product or a service or a service -- which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade in a decade old.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can imagine the life of a billion people.
30 years ago, that would have been surrounded.
Today we can take a piece of companies that have already done.
And when I think about create artists, it doesn't mean to create life for every room of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about to take that that is scale and turn it out.
You see, the scale is contact and technology is a force that would be religious by resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National Stewart 1990s.
He's the kind of left.
And I invited to get the area of always the U.S.
And the National trials were starting with strangers of plant, and the same National core companies.
But the area of always -- I started with strength collectives.
You see, the goal was the most valuable metaphor of the planet -- it would go more than the ocean and the plan.
And so the point of the Month to Washington is from strange.
You see, even though the street is 150 percent of the mass of the Earth -- it doesn't come out as a metaphor metaphor.
It's ready by the oxygen and supports.
But then it came up and made the electronics and made it out of the stream that we use it as if it was destroyed.
We protect this animal towards the future.
So we think about the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a planet based for five times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 tons of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scale, but action.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the gene of the generation of the design, 1800 seasons 15 rooms.
The cost of solar energy was 50 percent last year.
The last month, HIV published a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States in the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents the military per hour compared with the 15 cents of national media.
And if we have an energy of energy we also have water.
Let's talk about the war.
Do you remember when Michael San put up the space space to the Earth, in 1990, after that happened San?
He got a famous picture. How do you call it?
A play point bit blue point point."
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet in a 70 percent water.
Yeah, 99 percent is strange water, the two percent is ice -- and we would put out of the water of the water of the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's an available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up with the technology, the nature.
In a conversation with Denten Kara this morning, one of the individuals of the British -- I would like to share with you with you, I gave me lose to do that, his technology called School so you know, it's the size of a small report.
It is able to generate a thousand dollars a day in the day of any source water, water water, a line, for less than two cents the line.
The president of California had just been able to be able to do an important test of hundreds of these communities in the developing world.
If that comes well, and I have a lot of trust that it will be, Carter will be going to be interested by 200 countries from the planet.
This is a powerful innovation for this technology that today.
And we have seen it in the move.
My God, we're going to get up to 70 percent of the molecules in the developing world for the end of 2008.
Think about it, that particular war has better mobile communities in the middle of Kenya than the president Rome about 25 years ago.
And I'm going to tell you with a smart cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge and information that the Project Clear about 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have been asked to do it.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- images of books and music technology technology -- now they are demonstrating and lose value of market with the mobile value.
Maybe the best thing is when they get up in health.
The last month, I had the plant to play with the Forder Cambridge something called the Project Project Council Council 1950s, 10 million dollars.
We are dealing with the team of the world to change these technologies in a mobile device with the one that you talk about, and because it has EDI, you can take it up, you can go out of the fear.
In order to win it has to make better distributions than a carbon medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world that there are no doctors -- where the market rate is 25 percent of the health.
When this device has been a station of DNA or DNA that doesn't recognize it, I call the health of health and in the first place.
But this is the biggest force to produce a global world.
I call it a billion dollars in it.
The white lines here are the population.
We had just spent the sea of the seven billion dollars.
By the way, the best protect against the democracy is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people in the line.
For 2010, it will spend two billion to five billion dollars of the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you hear the global conversation.
What do you want these people.
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic combination we have the largest economic influence of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will go out of more health because of Trade, of a better education with the Korean Alexander and because of the use of the instructions in 30 and the computer in the cloud will be more likely than never before.
What can you give us three million miles of humanity -- health and productive and productive products?
What do you have ever ever been before?
What if we give them the opportunities, where they are, a voice to be heard and can be able to act for the first time.
So what would these 300 billion billion miles?
And if they are aware that we can't predict it?
So something that I learned with the 20th century is that you take small team -- with your passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things -- things that you could only do the big corruptions and governments are going to do it.
I'm going to end up share a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Penneties.
It came in the University of Washington in Salama.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of adults and figure out the way it will be going to put the program.
The plants will determine the structure and the function.
It's something very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a solution problem.
They've been playing with this universal teachers between each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started to play it.
And it has been shown that today the record of human patterns is better than the best computer.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the great challenge of the planet.
We have the tools with this extraordinary technology.
We have the passion of the individual industry.
We have the capital of the technique.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the career of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute before I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my hospitals.
He was here, as you know, in 1998.
You may believe that I would be perfectly presented, but it wasn't like this.
It actually takes fish away.
And I described one of them as very completely companies.
It was the me.
I found it a lot to the decade of 1975.
And now the fish is in the red Institute of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Gardens and other places, so that doesn't have anything like this.
But the case is that we still come to God.
We still think they are proposition.
The phones are still saying they still follow them.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also shows another concept -- the destruction of the city.
Because I was there in 1998, I study a pill in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could go into it.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first except to the sun.
The landscape was surrounded by words, and as you can see, from a few markets.
There were about about 20 cents -- the black ball speed.
And the fish of this station was very strong and he went through a good moment, so it would get more than the middle in Google.
When I went there 24 years after the amount of fish had gone up to half of them.
They went up to the five centers.
They said a genetic process.
There were still fish yet.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
You know, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I went up in the bottom of the oil fish in the authority service.
In the 1990s -- I started in the 1990s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
The developing development is going to imagine the countries that you already had 100 fishermen, to put them the industrial fish.
And this ball, quite financial, it's called the Mary Four.
I went to fish in it, and we did studies in the South China of the Marine Chinese and all over the sea of Japan.
What we're going on there was something that was absolutely.
We're going on, now I know, the end of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we spend was statistics, other animals.
And most of the fish are a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit about a few resources -- you know, that are fish of corruption.
And in fact, the bottom of the sea came to the collective and then it was addition.
These images are extraordinary because traditional is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then it starts the food fish.
The way that it is going to be a set of corruption of the white corner, in this case, to be a corner.
This is a death.
They didn't get them up. They would tell them because they were dead.
Once we take a living life.
I was still not stuck.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This model of resources is what the fish are going to go to a area in which they have never seen.
But I don't have distributed.
We tried the world, but we don't remember it.
We went back to the point of particle, the new level, without remember what was there.
If we get this something like this.
We have good things. And we have good things -- biologically, a number of organisms, the blood of the country, the water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images to the beginning of their life known as the normal thing and it would get it up to it.
The difference is that they lose the loss of it.
But they don't lose the loss that happened before.
You can make a change.
And at the end of it to keep a lot of responses.
And that, in a big measure is what we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are already not what they are.
But you should think that this problem is that this problem is to the people when social societies make animals without knowing what they've done to a few generations later.
Because, obviously an animal that is very strong, before you get up, it's a little bit fascinating.
You don't have a grandparent animals.
You have a little bit of a little bit of a little feature.
Even if this is not a lot like a big loss of it.
With the time, we focus on the big animals, and in a couple of big fish.
They become a little bit because we found them.
With the time they have a few fish -- but we think that that's the point of particle.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists who were very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is sitting in a way that they are not the way they would expect it to have the evidence of it.
For example, the animal that some of them are like, as a lot of presentation -- as I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't use or by the way it doesn't use the scientific scientists -- because it is not scientific scientists.
So we have a situation in which people don't know the past, even though we live in information society, because they don't trust in the sources of the past.
And there the huge role that can be able to get up with a proposition computer.
Because with the proposal markets -- we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't connect because the particular point has gone down and it's absolutely under it.
That is for the people who can see an area computer and they can benefit from the vision that I would give you, which allows them to send their point of particle.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access because they don't have access -- like the Middle Earth, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example, for example.
I think there are the arts and the middle may be able to get the value -- the simulation.
So this is a simulation of California Carl.
And a long time ago, there were a long time in the base of California, 500 years ago.
And there will be notice that the maps and technologies are like "The "The one in "The "The way.
And if you think about "This "The "Third -- if you think about why people moved up with the film -- to talk about the history of Police, why do you move with the images with the images of images?
Because it turns out something that, in a sense, it's lost it.
And so my record, the only one who will give you, is to Carolina, doing Steve Stanford under the water.
Thank you very much.
Home. I am Kenya Australia, the temperature of Collider, and I looked at video videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we see why the videos are doing and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- charities, cars, companies, and when I was more young -- that seemed something very, very hard.
But today the website is that any of us, or of our action.
No one can do in the Internet in the Internet.
They get more than 45 hours of video to a minute.
And of those of those of them, just a little piece of view, it gets investment of vision and a culture of culture.
How does that happen?
Three things.
Well, let's go.
Beat Vietnams, "Oh, my God, God me.
God.
Good.
Okay, good.
KB: The year last year I put this video video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was 24 million times.
This graph shows the relationships in the police rate of the last year.
Beach is not going to make a visual video.
I just wanted to share a street stranger.
That's what you do if it's called Los Montana Montana.
There were a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was John King.
John King published this piece that would capture the video to the police.
The transportations of trends like John King would show us new and interesting things to a more advanced audience.
Red Beach --  -- you know, you have to start looking at it.                         You know, I will start the video.  KB: I will start the video.      KB: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this
"Wow British British is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
At the same way I was saying the books -- this video seemed to have come out of anything.
So what did this day happen.
Well, it was true, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other legs -- they are too.
But what about this day, this day in particular?
Well, I took them Toron and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael Jesus, New State School, it was one of the first people to make a battle on the video in Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of transportations are going to make a point of view and they share it with a more amazing audience to get the process.
And so this community of people who share this great girl and then start talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 percent of Vietnams in Collider.
So only in the first seven days, there was a pattern for each of the other days.
At the difference of the 20th century, this community protection is our way of being part of the phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"Many Carity is a relationship with a record music.
That's what it is.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that that's right, you know there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
And to the parents saw this video.
And there are several of you who saw others see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the Internet.
There were relationships.
Somebody did a version to the old one.
And then it was interested in.
And suddenly I came up with a whole community community that made this happen from being a child to something that we all can make part of it.
Because today we don't only have a lot of democracy, we go.
Who could have lost something like this?
Who could have asked "The "World "Big or Rose Boston or "Care Constitution?
What do you want to have written that I would have been written to take this situation?
In a world in which you get two days of video for a minute -- just that really only one of the only things that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protect against the markets in New York City.
Cartelitic Narrator: And I was made by not a character for the battle, but there are often areas that are going to be able to be able to be able to hear it on the battle.
KB: Thank you to the secret effect and his humanity, Carter Nigeria took that five million saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new thing that we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beat Vietnams, what does this mean?
Okay.
KB: What does this mean?
The transportation companies -- complex communication communities -- which are totally interesting -- they have a new kind of media -- in a new culture of a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience.
As I said before, one of the current channels in the world -- John Bang, started in Collider.
They don't ask them to explore their ideas.
Now all of us are a little bit of our current culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they are just the one of the current media -- but to define the future of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a financial story.
It's a brands that's still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the people.
Imagine the first piece -- a man walking the work of a whole life.
It's a point, a dead, a man whose entire life had been used in the only amount of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities go in San, advanced the fact that his life had been totally in hand.
The words -- for so many friends -- now it will be strange.
It was survived in the site.
He died by the story.
And he is my grandmother.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not going to let that have been in hand, and my lesson was to learn that the story was trying to get up, but we will do it.
The next part of the bees is about a boat to the surgery of the survival on the sea of the sea dead.
My mother, Mary, I had just 18 years when his father died and a magic market and two small kids.
For her, life had gone down to a task -- the scale of their family and a new life in Australia, and a new life.
It was incredible for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years of four years that I challenge the financial, a boat is described to the sea strange of the paper forest.
All of the adults knew the risk of them.
The biggest fear was the paradigms, the violence and death.
As most of the adults -- my mother was called a face with you.
If you were captured, we first took my sister and me, and then she and I got my grandmother on.
And my first resources are from that boat -- the constraint control of the motor, the program will be able to get up in each room, and the variation of the value and value.
I don't remember the paradigms who came up with several times, but they were stuck with the value of men in our bank, or the motor would die and I could not be able to cut for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil plastic to the colleague of the Marine collection, and the young man who comes up and died -- to end the journey was too much for him, and the first goal I tried -- given by the men of the plane.
No man had got the same way.
After three months in a field of records, we were developed in Mexico.
And the next piece of the bees is about four women over three generations to make a new life.
We were going to be in Pantania, a class of the class to go out and find that population is full of implications.
At the middle of the middle surgery, whose experience of the middle of the middle -- in Park, there was no sense of the right.
The oceans who come from the terms were the rest of the world.
And the friends of English English were excited between people who had one thing in common -- they were starting again.
My mother worked in favorites, then in a light line of cars -- working six days.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a telescope in TED -- of the information.
We were poverty.
And all of the dollars were advanced, and it has been a strange audience in English and mathematics -- not matter what you should be able to do, that it was usually a new new thing -- it was always a second hand.
Two years of media for school, one to pick up the holes of the other.
A school college to the tasks, because I had to spend six years.
And there were a lot of robots and distances on the "Old sands and some grandmothers, "The "Company come back home.
At home.
And something in me came up.
I was able to detect and a voice that said, "I'm going to support it."
My mother, my sister and I went into the same way.
My mother was successful every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother would have standards, all of the bacteria.
And my task was going to be destroyed until their legs would start to be able to find it.
She opened up a computer, then I studied to be strangers and open another business.
And women come with their stories about men who could not make the transformation -- strange and information, and girls who are coming through two world.
They look for surgery and particles.
And they created centers.
I lived in the political world.
In one, it was the clinical student of the clinical student with what I would get out of myself.
In the other, I was interested in present lives, which was transformed by the violence -- the drug of drugs and the attack.
But a lot of people came through the years.
And for that work, when I was I studied my last year of artist, I was sent to the anti-fairy young year.
And I was a piece of a piece of a piece of the organism to the other, but their bees didn't find it.
As far as I read Andrew, it was now so Lesterland, I was so safe and social activity to talk to me in places that I had never heard of it, and in house whose existence she would never have ever heard of.
I don't know the proteins.
I didn't know how to use the corruptions.
I didn't know how to talk about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the rocks and the course of life in a self-controlled surgery -- a grandmother and two children ended up the day as they did it for almost 20 years -- I will tell you about the day of every single day and you will get dancers, the three in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when we went to the barrier.
The norm had been a choice.
"Man -- he said, "You know, you're not what you're not going on.
So I was talking about the object and education and education to the markets and development.
And the more I was going to talk to you, more it was survival to talk about.
I met people from all the ways of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my limitation, I realized that I could not be in a carbon face.
I had to have another piece of the bees.
And I realized at the same time that is well going to be a design, and it is a new record, and not only that it's good, but that's something that will be addressed, maybe a room of the bacteria.
Because it's going to be in which it can easily mean to be able to make the homes, can essentially mean to accept the pressures of your product.
I gave the enough countries outside my area to know that, yes, that the world is straightforward, but not in the way we have.
You might have been not allowed to be allowed to be all the way that they would have been used to be all the ones were straightforward.
There was an energy there -- a physical opportunity -- a computer metal of human and value.
So I kept my interview.
I went to a little group of people who the language can't do it was an incredibly infrastructure challenge.
For a year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, I was made a gift story that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy -- but some of them, and a few balls -- and we open it out.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
And then a single journey of one journey.
My sandwich again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and the application will get up.
Before I ended up, let me tell you about my grandmother about me.
She grew up in a time where the Congress was the social normal and the local Manhattan was the person who would matter.
life had not changed for century.
His father died little after she was born.
The mother was going to go up.
At the age of the 17 he became a control of a Marine whose mother would get it.
No support of his husband -- you cut up a self-control and take the cause of it and take the cause of it, and a lot more report when you go out.
You can't do it to be surrounded.
I was in the fight in the course of a home in South when she died -- to one hundred miles in Mexico.
I looked through the map of the drug and I saw the other side.
I knew I had come back to it.
My mother called minutes later.
You know, we went to a strange temperature in Paul and we sat around the airplane.
We tell them stories and we make sure we were still with it.
On the night a monkey came and told us that I had to close the air.
My mother asked us to feel your hand.
I asked him the monkey, "Why is his hand healthy and the rest of the body so fascinating?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
"You have no subjects.
If there is a nervous in our family, that area through women.
Because of those of us who were and how life works us, we can now see that men who had come to our lives that would have been freedom.
The decade would have come up with.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the barrier.
Who could do that for it?
However, I took it to the product of the easy.
I can give you a program in their lives, will you go back in every single room, the control of the motor, the variation of the mountain, which is not getting anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it -- I would do it.
The Turkey Texas and also the mother is here today -- in the fourth or a fingertip.
My story starts in Japan about two years ago.
I was in the body, under the sky.
We were getting out of how nothing has changed from the time of the old entire entire entrepreneur in the Marine Mountain.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel to a face and we wrote the sky.
Now we do it with articles.
And at that time, when I got up, the big prime war was an Indian war, and he had a roof and with a street to the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same thing with shoes and machines.
The connection that we knew was that the machine had gone back to the music.
And that was a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
I was looking at this idea of losing the ability to figure out and make a self-confidence if I didn't have the camera if I couldn't touch my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic -- not kill it.
And I got my grandmother to get me up to the balloon plant of balloon.
And this piece of technology of 50 years was for my most magic thing.
It became a hard door to a world full of images and strangers and nations in my important.
I had the sense that the molecules -- the lights of light and the cameras are going on.
And they French our inspiration out.
And so I read me, I brought up this technology to see how to use it to create magic -- instead of kill it.
I used books since the 16 years.
And so when I saw the image I saw a device of national ability to connect the laws of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It will take the text with the image -- the animal and the source.
The nature is getting more mathematically.
But what does that look like?
I'm going to go to the character of Kara, an international action for plane.
He says, "I read your fingers about each light?
And so      says, "This box is going to be a courage -- I wrote my name.
And so I got a piece of the book.
In several times I got a care -- the picture knows where I live to the GPS -- which comes to me.
My child is interested with all of these possible.
I've been talking a lot about music.
And I don't mean a lot of dominants and decades, but to that magic of infrastructure, to those ideas that we open from children.
And for some reason, the landscapes in a flow always turned out to me.
So over here, we have to increase the plane to get the landscapes.
And actually, they will take your way in what I came from the book.
Another idea that I got a little girl was that all of a lot of confidence in a ball.
And so here, every book and every world was transform in a boat that I would open up to this medical device inside the airplane.
And this opened a map.
In the whole book in front of them there have always been maps but they have been station map.
This is a map that grows up, and you go through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another most important aspect for me is to create individual content and at the time.
These are the speeds.
We've all heard of the daughters and the nations, but how many people outside India are known in India, the paradigms of the survival controls.
These poor poor have been based on the cameras of India for millions -- in a old and high book.
So we are trying to come back in a continuous story.
And in a story that is trying to be current as the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years, has been that children have been strange, perceived to his Programs, they have not gone to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the researchers of the book is this application in which you have to go out and take the camera or the iPhone, and I will take images of different natural objects to it.
And I had a lot of collections, and I had a lot of colleagues, from faces, games and controls.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to pick up this risk of the increase you have to go out and take a picture to a picture and then take it out.
On the other hand, you have to take a picture of a piece of carbon and then get it.
So this way is created by a digital collection of pictures that then you can put in the website.
A child of London put a picture of a board and says, "Oh, today I saw a board.
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey?
And you create this kind of social network in terms of a diversity of digital pictures that have been going on.
And within the variety of connection between the magic -- the Earth and technology is a lot of possible.
In the next book we used to have an interaction in which you come out with the impact and the video and the video is actually actually looking at a group of food strengths that are going to be about the plants in the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of children.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature is based with technology and the magic and technology is going to get one another.
We took the energy of the sun.
We're looking at our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic -- and it would go up and look at a female that we felt for a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why many of a lot of health projects.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we let the patients.
And one of the things that we did in the West University was to deal with a direction of the listen to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she was going to be a little amount of carbon or you asked patients and I asked patients and known, what happened?
How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all of them, but most of the projects of high health projects -- because we stop listening to it.
This is my William Bangalore. It's a very simple thing.
It has a picture of getting up and spending.
All of the morning, I came up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get back to 75 percent.
But it's so simple, that every time I connected me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my heart doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time in which you need circumstance or some of that station, but you can see it back.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four sets in Twitter.
So every morning I connected me to my Marine Bill and before I went back to my car, people start to talk to me, Los, today I think you need a light leadership.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it is a pressure of the countries used to help the patients -- because it could use the back, and also so that the patients are going to go out and go out and get the patients.
On the other hand, it can be able to move to the people of their signs and together develop some creative activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week it will be available to be available in it.
This little minister connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might be able to take their own artificial pressure to send her medical pressure, and share it with each other, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients have a position where patients have a position and being able to be able to get the control and be able to be able to help us the health of health because of the challenges that we face -- like the list of the control of the medical attention -- the decision of death and other issues.
It will do technologies that are simple to use and start with this to get the patients in the team.
And you can do it with technologies like this, but it also gets created.
And one of the things we did would want to share with you with a video with you.
We all have control control control in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know where they are the current cars in Mars.
And also where all the generations are.
And of course, we can find a quick food.
But where is it the most close DNA to help this patient.
We asked -- but nobody happened.
No one knew where to get the DNA save at this moment.
What we did was to make creature in the University.
We created a website -- and we were asked to the audience -- you see a DNA, by the way you can see that, and when it's open -- and when it's open up, because sometimes they open in the operation of office and others are closed.
And more than 10 1950s, they were already in the United States.
The next step was to look for the action for that.
And we did an approach for the police.
We created an action for Lab, really accessible, to find this DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Mars and someone else -- you can use their iPhone, and the next week we would use their cell cell to find the most close DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this -- not just like DNA -- which is the name of the product but also like TEDTalk.
And we wanted to start to start the global level.
We're taking all of the colleagues in the world, in other universe, so that they help us find it, work and act as a center for the group of the DNA around the world.
Every time you are coming out of vaccines and someone collective, it can be a patient or someone from you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invest companies all over the world that could help us come back to the U.S.
You might be service of message or people, for example, to see if the USDA that's shown is still in their place.
Please go on this and not just improve the health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much.
I am here to share "My photograph.
Or is it picture?
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their camera.
My interest in the photograph was discovered with my first digital camera at 15 years.
And I moved up with my passion on the doctor, but it was a little bit different because when you use the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a picture with a camera the process ended up when you put the plane.
For me the photograph had more to do with being in the right place at the point.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that will start to pay the product.
Physics like this -- a building in a very creative room.
But it has a sensitive drawing.
And despite it, it makes a real level.
Or pictures like this, dark and colleagues at the same time, but with the common goal to keep the real level.
And when I say real I'm going to tell you.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to look like it would have been captured in some way as a picture.
Photographs in which you have to think about a moment to find the trick.
It has more than you can see an idea that with a moment.
But what is the temperature that makes them seem to seem to seem it?
Are the challenges or colors?
Do you get the light.
What do you create the experience?
Sometimes it is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to try and try to get the world and how you can lose in a biological surface.
It's actually not about if it's real -- but what we think is true.
So I think the future is very simple.
I see it as a record of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
So here we have three young objects -- something that we all can relate to the traditional world.
But you can see a certain way that you can still create something that still looks like traditional -- as if you exist.
But at the same time, we know that there is no there.
So let's take the brain because the brain doesn't access the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process to change the photographs to change them.
It's really going to actually change different reality.
And the things that make a picture look like a picture that is that we don't even think that we don't even think, the things that are going to get us in our everyday life.
But by changing pictures is very important to think about it, because somehow something will be wrong.
So I would like to tell you that there are three simple rules that will keep to make real results.
As you can see, these images are not very special here.
But communication, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
Secondly, community pictures should have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these resources, they were taken to the same astronomy and the same kind of light.
The third point is to be able to deal with the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect college.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
And I could think that this is the image of a paper and the bottom part is made.
But this image is totally made by pictures of different places.
In the person I think it's more easy to create a place that will find because you don't need to put the ideas that have in the head.
But it requires a lot of plant.
And as I thought of this idea in invited I knew that I had several months to use it, to find the differences for the pieces of the bees.
For example, the fish was walking into a fish journey of fish.
The costs are from a different.
The supply part was captured in a piece of danger.
And yes, I even made the house of the state of the island so that it would seem more support.
So to make a real result I think that it makes a plant plant.
It always starts with a boat, an idea.
And then you have to change the different pictures of them.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you make a good work to take the pictures the result can be very beautiful and at a very real time.
All of the tools are there and the only line is our important.
Thank you.
So I'll start to show you a little bit about technology, very surgery.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took out of a carbon care.
I don't really interested to show you the challenges but the general aspect of it.
This is about an article that we were doing about the potential of the AIDS machines you see the power of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, like a lot of other people that we tend to see -- is kind of a right line in the speed scale.
In other words, every step of here is an order of magnitude in the scale.
So talking about technology with self-esteem care is something not.
So here's something strange here.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please get the lights on.
They need more interested because I wrote about paper.
Why do we generate technologies in the speed scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal culture in which we say, these are the years or some of the time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I wanted to give you, the doctor would look at something rich.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology -- as the transport, in a self-controlled cause would be very silent, we would see a right line.
But if it happens something like this, it gives a collective change.
If the technology technology will be looking as fast as the mathematics, last morning we could take a task and be in Earth in 30 seconds.
But I don't go to that rock.
There are no questions in the history of the technology of a growing growth than every few years ago to make sure that every few years old.
And the question I want to use is, look at these experience cars, and we see that they don't still keep it.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as you go.
It would take one of two things.
Or it's going to become a carbon test -- I know this until this until it was completely different or maybe doing something like this.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm opposite, so I think maybe I might happen something like this.
So now we would be in the middle of a transportation.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I try to ask you, and ask you, is, what is that new way that I love the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very trust if we're interested in it.
I remember that the future happens in the year, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year.
This is a trust where people talk about the future and we see the future still being the year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been finished, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
It's going to have a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different that we are doing what we're doing today.
So I want to talk to you about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experiment.
But to do that to do that to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things at long time.
The time that I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this image has sense if we look at it every billion years old.
So we're going to take a couple of million years when the Earth was a great state with a lot of chemicals who were going to get around it.
If you look at the way that they were created by those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theory to start to understand the organization with Dr. I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and it is, at that time, there was a few drivers of access with all kinds of chemical resources.
And some of those risk corruptions have a particular combination of chemicals that were made by incredible materials of the outside and so on.
And they began to give them out.
In a sense, those were the most dangerous forms -- those artists of access.
But those girls were not living -- in the current sense, because every one of them is a complete record of chemicals for them.
And every time they were willing to put up a distribution of the chemicals that they have.
So every government was a little different.
In fact, the galaxies that somehow make them better to the time to increase the charge chemicals -- they grow up, they grow more chemical and they get more.
They usually live more time, they were more responsible.
It was a form of life life, very simple life, but things were made interesting when these guys learned the temperature of the activity.
In some way that we don't understand very well about these guys learned how to make information.
They learned to make information, which was the result of the cells, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they were used in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to remember what they were to be able to be able to replace.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been staggering since they evolved two million years ago.
Our record, our genes have exactly the same code -- that same system.
In fact, each of them will be living with exactly the same set of fish and the same code of it.
And one of the things that I did just -- now we can write things with this code now.
So here I have 100 percent of the white police that try to help people in the activity of the activity.
But you know, I took this code -- the code has the common leaders that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA from DNA and I did it 10 to 20 times.
So if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal career -- I have a lot of people in fact, in fact, for every person in the world and it's here.
If it was a self-interest I would have put it in a virus and it would have happened for the room.
What was the next country?
I would write DNA was an interesting place.
This made these cells were happy about another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things were made very different and it was that these cells started to change and communicate information for the cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but the bacteria can make DNA.
In that way, for example, they evolved the answer to the antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid the police and they were brought them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the police because bacteria will communicate it.
This communication realized that they would form communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a sensory.
In that way, they were going to be supposed to go together or make a community that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were getting more and they were fascinated by evolution of it.
And the car point happened when these communities were going up so much that, in fact, they went up and decided to write all the rest of the community together in a DNA.
The next example for life took another billion years old.
And at that point, we have a mathematical communities -- communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organisms on it.
In fact, we are a mobile community.
We have a lot of cells that are no longer going on.
The skin of the skin is not survival without the heart or the mathematics, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved and they had more interesting levels than the cell -- something that we call an organization we call an organization at all.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to open information.
And to build very special structures that they did not do more than making information in community.
This is the black structure.
The neurons are the advances that produce information that those cell communities built in.
In fact, they started waiting inside the community being the responsible structures of recognition, and to understand the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And so I gave them an evolutionary language.
Because at that time as individuals -- the learning was connected to the distribution of an organization -- and not at the end of the evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, learning how to make a certain framework because I knew bad and it takes the last time that the food.
That could happen during the life of an organization that had been built by these studies of information of information that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who started that fragile.
And so the fact that the fact that the nervous system built those information structures are going to be able to access the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an innovation.
It could happen in time I need to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the temperature of the community.
So for example, the most recent version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible research.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here to make a few degrees and, with the way, building a similar idea -- it goes up and consumer, in their head.
But we take something very complex to become sound -- in sounds of sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start to work like an organization like this.
In fact, as a human, we've started to make architecture.
So now we spend for similar organisms to the microbes -- we put out our metal methods and profound of information.
For example, the research research was a little step in that direction.
The telescope, the information, the character, the CEO, and so on.
And that makes us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You see the economic example of Taliban in which I produce some evolution with the control program -- before our eyes.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stories of the story that I told you was a billion years old.
The next states, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years old.
The next one, the language -- they took less than a million years.
And the next one, as the electricity seems to take just a few decades old.
The process is survival, I guess it's the right word to name something that does their own change.
The more it changes the more it does it.
And I think that's what we look at in this explanation of the curve.
We see that the process is reported.
But I gave me the life to design computers and I know that the molecules that I used to design them not could be possible without the resources that are not possible.
But now design objects of such a complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that it makes every transition in that machine.
There are thousands of million.
Instead of that, with the designers of TED Mars, we think of a level of architecture, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't be able to be able to get far far away and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes I sometimes make sure that we don't even understand good.
A particularly interesting method I've been using -- it's the evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process.
And for example, in the most extreme case, we can evolved a program from a serious sequence of institutions.
We say, "Why can you be able to take a hundred million tons of institutions to the room?
Can you be able to pick up these kinds of institutions at the back, will you take all of those programs -- and take those things that are going on to what we want to do?
In other words, I do what I want.
So let's say that I want to make numbers -- to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are going to be able to make numbers.
Of course, it is a little bit likely that a little bit of institutions of institutions -- they open numbers -- so none of them did it.
But one, by the way, I could take two numbers on the right order of the right level.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those subject structures that better made the task?
We spend those and we choose the rest of it.
And now we have the ones that are going to make the numbers.
And we went back to put them up to be a process of an anticipate process to the sex section.
We take two programs -- which will understand children -- and that the children are going to have the properties of both program.
So we get a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we say, please get the process.
Cather again.
And I started some machines.
And I try to try to go up with another generation of it.
Well, every generation takes a few million.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that make numbers that are absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're very much more efficient than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to get them to see how they work.
These are dark programs -- extremely strange program.
But they get the company.
In fact, I know, I have the security for you to get the goal because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives are going to do it.
And once I was in a 74 with Mars Michael and he came up with a car and say, "Look, look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to get a safe volume. It doesn't make you feel strange?
We know that engineering teachers don't work very well when they get complicated up.
So we began to depend out of computers to make a good design of design.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineers produce us.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more quickly and so can be able to explore these programs much more quickly.
And it is, it turns out.
The thing goes faster and that's why I think it seems as well.
Because all of these technologies are standing.
We are looking at it.
And we are in a moment in a moment to the solar organisms when they become microbes.
We are the bottoms, and we can't understand what we're going to do with.
We are in the bottom point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very proud of our part of thinking that we are the end product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes from.
But now it comes up to the food, and I think I would stop here before I was supposed to get up.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor and that's me.
And I've lost the enough time to allow it to be part of my favorite principle in that.
Before I was trying to treat my talk -- we talk a little bit of ball.
Why isn't it?
We are about the end of the end.
We love the ball, right?
The ball is full of amazing experiments.
There are hundreds of states.
It's going to go out and go out and get the regions on the states and to use it to form a big metal team to it.
I would focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the back of bacteria.
And we talk about 300 percent of a battle that was based on.
And that means that the basic battle is about three of 10 times.
That means to take the ball to the field of play without being advanced, and that anyone who tries to get to the first basis -- I don't get to time, and the second thing will be saving.
three.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Line?
Well, really well, maybe the team of the stars.
You know, how do you call a ball of 400 percent of 400 dollars.
By the way, that's somebody than 10 corners, about four corners.
Leadership, like the Leader Germany Lab, the last play of the Moran Month in order to explore more 400 dollars in a relative term.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe less antibiotics, after what I'm going to tell you today.
You know that they have attention and they are developing to a surgeon that has also a 400 in action.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now guess that they live in a strong place and one being wanted to have two open-source artists and their family doctor to do it to a carbon whose remember in antibiotic is 200 of them.
But you know what?
She's going to be dealing with this year.
And their resources have been 37.
This is not work.
But I would ask you.
What do you believe that it should be the average of a heart surgery or arms, of a detail or a magnetic subject?
Okay, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the risk of a good surgery, of a doctor or a democracy.
What we do, yet, is to send them to the world, and I got it, with the magic of being perfect.
You know, you know, they eat a body and think about figure out how to do good.
That was the message that I was going on when I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a compassionate student student for me.
One time, a company in the school said that Brazil Google was studying until for a blood extraordinary.
And so what it is.
I study in my little destruction, in the device of the Hus General Hongo Harvard in Taliban -- not far from here.
And I learned all of them.
And in my kind of antibiotics, I mentioned the original and the modern work, the relationship of every article that comes out of the art, the digital difference and the horrible distance.
And I even know the difference of how to capture the relative activity access.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good -- I was given with hours.
And you get out of the medical school with the impact that if you get all of all, then it would know everything -- or the most powerful thing to the all, because this is why I was going to get me out of the buildings.
And it works for a time, until I met the Darwinian Surgeon.
I was responsible in a college hospital here, in Taliban when they brought up to the Darwinian sea to the service of evidence where I was working on.
At the time I was going to get up to the corruption service at the time.
And when you choose to put a cartoon to me to take me up to that patient.
And it will be able to focus on the rest of it.
When I saw the Darwinian Surgeon, I was going to go down.
I heard a self-controlled sound.
And when the corner, I heard a sound straight in both sides -- what I gave me a conflict consumer instrument.
In these conditions the heart stopped working and instead of moving the blood back up, the blood is going to the limits, these are getting out of blood -- and that's why there is a hard thing to reduce it.
And it was not hard to distance.
I did it and I put me to work in the treatment that would give me.
And he gave him a metaphor and medicine to apply the pressure in their heart.
He gave him a distance, so I had a water, so that I could be able to be able to make a lot of light.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I started the first body, I sent her to his home.
In fact, I bought two more.
I sent her to her house without talking to the record of resources.
I didn't put the phone and I did what I should have done -- I was called my head and put it with him so that I saw it.
And if my wife would have seen it, it would have been able to make a complete information.
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be an answer that would be a consequence that would be going to be going to be an answer that would be a resource.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to be able to go out of my patients who could take out of my patients without even connected to my substance.
The second field that I started was better.
When I send her back to his home, I didn't put attention to a voice in my inside that I said, "Well, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so inspired that until I asked the understanding that I would go to the Dengrody Surgeon, you think it's good if you go to your house?
And I thought, and then he said, and then he said with a little bit of natural thing, "Yes, I think to be good.
I remember that as if it was a day.
And so it was that I looked at the action, and the support along with the teachers took it to his home.
And I went back to the room.
The rest of that day, that day, I had a bad present in the ground.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I heard to leave the hospital and walk up to the room where I was my car to go home. At that time I did something that I don't usually do.
It happened by the services of the way to home.
And there was another design, not the thing that I would get out of the Darwinian theory before, but another one, and he told me three words, those three words that most of the energy doctors are going on.
Other spaces as well, but there is a particular particles and is that we see the patients.
The three words are -- you can remember you?
"I remember the patient that I sent up to his home?
And I asked the other thing with natural total.
So she returns up, with the same amount of voice.
She was good.
But you go back and go back to the death.
At the time of a time of having come to his home, after I gave the high thing, I had a collection and his family called the 1980s, the doctors were brought to the entrepreneurs with an artificial pressure of 50 feet from Heyland, which means a serious service.
And I was going to go back and I was blue to it.
And the personal personal person has done all of their resources.
They gave him a measure to get the artificial pressure of it.
And they put it up with an artificial responsibility.
I was constructed and went up to the movie.
I had a sense of feeling because after the station was in terms of intervention and I would expect against all the hope that you will get up.
And in the two or three days I was going to be evidence that I would never get out.
I had a brain brain day.
The family.
And in eight or nine days, they would get to what was happening.
And at the next day, they left it to go. The Darwinian theory -- you know, mother and grandfather.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I went up with it, and I experienced for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I sat down to me -- and I felt just without feeling that blood sale because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You do the countries and never more eat that body.
This is that sea that I left a teach here.
The magic sea that I talk to you is that it makes us feel very bad.
It's the one that tells us that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my wife, he was a case.
I talked to the family and I am sure that I would support things and make sure that they wouldn't get up.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why didn't I ask my body? Why did I sent her to your house to his house to his house to his house to his house for her home.
And in my worst moment, why did I eat a strange success so fast?
Why did I make medicine?
A little bit of that feeling was designed.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, you open the sky and finally came out the sun and I asked me if I feel better again.
And I made a treatment with me in which if you put the forces to be perfect to be perfect to not eat more errors, and I would have to take those voices to it.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But he went back.
Two years later, it was help in the top of the evidence in a community hospital at the North Honor, and I got to a 24 years with a document in the shoe.
I was very worried about it and sure.
And he knew here.
And I looked at his galaxy, I was a little collection.
He was asked to put it into her home.
But while he goes down to the door I was going to get his shoe.
Two days later, when I came to make my character change -- my dad asked me to talk to me about me in your office in your office in their office in their office in it.
And I went up with three words -- is you ready?
I remember the patient that I saw for a distance in the carbon?
And he came back and I didn't have a strange factor.
I had a particularly modern approach called expensives.
You can look at it in Google -- it's a information, not from the shoe, but it goes out of the surgery -- and that can be able to cause the close of those go.
And he said, fascinating, it didn't make it.
And it has an old antibiotics for it is going to go back and get the few days.
And you take the same period of sea and regions, then I got up and come back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same terms of therapies, not distribution approach.
And it's a big effort -- especially working on a hospital -- because you go to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't sent them home and I don't think that there is a description.
One of them thought that I had a recent clinic.
You know, you know, you know, you know, it was a collection of robots, but it turned out -- a colleagues that was getting up to the patient on the patient.
The other patient was with a lot of diagnosis.
And I got a lot of letter to recognize and I asked my colleagues to recognize.
You get it up and you will have a certain sensory in the right control -- I called the surgery.
both of them were used and they got well.
But every case I went in, I was destroyed.
But I would like to tell you that I bought the worst buildings in the first five years of exercise and like many colleagues say, is a beautiful.
The most means have been for the last five years.
And I just supported and and done.
And here is the problem, if I can't hear and talk about my business, if I can't find the voice that I'm going to tell you what it really happens, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them this so they don't eat the same engines?
If I go into a place like this, I wouldn't have idea what you think about me.
When it was the last time you heard someone talking about Africa, after failure friends.
And of course in a friend you will hear about the surgery of other doctors -- but they don't listen to someone talking about their own.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a transition in my hospital had the wrong legs -- I think it would have hard to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total generation of the buildings.
It's the system in which there are two points -- which they eat business and the ones that you can't stop and the ones that you have to do is we have results and the ones that have a result, which you have to be survived.
And it's almost as a record relationship as an animals that start to make that person.
We have the idea that if we go from the medicine to the people who eat businesses, it will be a safe system.
But that's two problems.
In 20 years ago, I've made a personal study of the middle and a medical station -- I have made a personal study of bad mathematics and doctors to learn how to write for the Talk for my program, to my program, "Wow Caribbean, Britain Arthur Boring and black art.
And what I learned is that buildings are completely.
We work in a system where the mistakes are going on every day, where one of every 10 decades in the hospital are wrong -- or the distribution is not right -- in a system that the interview institutions are increasingly more and more numbers, and they will be able to make cars and death.
And in this country, they die 24 controls for electronic medical men.
The United States in the United States was 100 dollars.
In both cases, it is about broken mathematics, because we're not having the problem as we should be.
And so that's the things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't do it.
The production of the dream is involved all the time.
And we can't get out of it.
We have cognitive states that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with the painting.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the face -- it comes down with your eyes with computer eyes.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like this.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't take their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, the buildings are interviewing.
So if we take the system as they were taught to us, and we're going to make all of the projects that are going to be, well, not going to be any one.
And with a question that people don't want to talk about their largest cases?
In my program -- "The black art is already a country to say, "This is my worst stranger sand. I'm going to tell you all.
And their students will be going to be able to get out of the head and make the head and they start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't eat the same strategy.
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a report cultural culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The report doctor is human -- you know, you know, and it doesn't get out of their mistakes -- but it would be effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
They share their experience with them.
It's support for those of you who talk about their business.
And I used the other people in other people not with the train of them, but in a young way and support for all of them to get up.
And I work in a medical culture that turns out that human beings will do the system, and when this happens -- they are going to make a bunch of time at the time.
My name is Brazil Gore.
I'm a reporting medicine.
I am a human building box.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot to learn something that can transform others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I did a little bit about 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose an average American -- it's about 70 percent of the day.
It doesn't make a lot -- in a research for a week to a week of companies of companies of companies of companies of company.
The researchers came up with the different lines that are made by these experts and time that they were used to make the relationship to the relationships with those task, and the time.
They found that, in average -- accomplished 185 work for week.
It is completely every job including a lot of microscope.
half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent of them had a hour or more than his time.
Now you think about their electrons.
Do you know how many of you are about nine minutes, and how many of you at the age of a hours to the hour?
How does the way do the way you make those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the action, to choose to the surgery of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to give you a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I do a question -- as I am a blind -- you take your hand only if you want to be able to take cars.
On the other way, when I make a question -- if your answer is being able to go through a factory.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear the problem of the characteristics of the choices of the choice?
Thank you.
And I feel from the University of the University of the University of the University of the University, and it was a very high level, at least in that time in that time it was very surprise.
It's called Dramadia.
It was almost like to go to a couple of fun.
There were like 200 different kinds of market and voter, more than 500 different types of fragiles and streets and about 25 percent of water -- and this was when we took water water water.
I would love to go to that room, but in one point I asked me, why don't I buy anything.
This is the rest of the subject access.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different, including the ones that were in the side of the biological trees.
And once I decided to visit the general and I asked him, "I was going to have this structure of supposed all these chemicals?
And he took me up with the books full of theory that came up every day, usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with metals. This is the thing.
Particular.
They had 32 different kinds of kinds of different.
We put a point to say, just to the inside of the terrorist.
So we put up there from six sides, or about 24 different blood same, and we look at two things -- first of all, what did people were willing to be willing to try to test the metal member?
More people were left when there was 24 percent, which when there was only six percent.
We also look at what the case were more likely to buy a market of metal.
Here we find the control effect here.
The ones who were left when there was 24 percent of the three percent of them to buy metabolic.
The ones who were looking at when there were six -- we saw that 30 30 percent of them bought metabolic.
So if we do the clinics, people had six times more likely to buy measure if they found six -- that if you found 24.
Well, I decided that we don't really buy us, and it is a good thing to get the line, but it turns out that the problem of the options of choices affect us in a good transportation.
We decided not to say, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the size of the day -- the financial story.
So I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gamber Harvard, and William Kanzania, in which we look at the decisions for the root of about a million Americans -- in between a billion dollars of this country.
We tried to see if the number of forests are available in plants in the streets for robotics, the program.
And we discovered that there was a condition.
We had 750 plants who were going from two -- to 75 different opportunity.
And we found that the more it was the number of factory forces, there were less particular.
So if we look at the oceans -- we see that in the plants that have two forests, the particle rate was 70 or more, not as high as you wanted to.
And in the plants that they spend about 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decided to participate -- when there are more choices -- even in that case, there are negative conversation.
So for those of you who decided to participate -- the more it was the number of choices -- more people were used to avoid the action or the investment forests.
In the time there would be more choices -- they were more willing to invest in the financial students of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we are going to get up to forget the future financial financial.
In the early decade we have seen three main negative consequences in order to get more and more possible.
The most likely is that they put the decision -- that they put it even when this is in against the interesting.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the late and in the health.
They are more likely to pick up less subjects -- even though they are basically better.
The main reason is that we were able to look at that variety of the many grandparents of markets, motivation, and we are not able to do the cells to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of that
So today I want to protect you four simple techniques that we've gone in, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can take in their business.
The first is, Carl.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less it's more.
People always move when I say, "Come on.
They care about losing space in the air.
But actually what we're looking at is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to have an increase in the videos, and they will have a better experience.
And when I went back to Germany 2000 different types of Harvard at 1950, they saw an increase of 10 percent of them.
Now, when the Collider Gore comes up the products for sea streets that less they come up, they were found by 90 percent, for two cancers, a lot of versions and less content.
And you know that the surfaces of today, in average they have 45 product.
In a West state of Washington, you get about 100 product.
But the normal thing is largest in the current world in the current world is Albert and it takes only 150 products -- a kind of subject of taking on the land.
In the world in the world, I think one of the best examples that have come out about how to make better the choices is the plane of David Lab, the program of Harvard.
And all of the Walks of Harvard are accessible to a sense of life.
So you really want to say, you get them 20 forests, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They are all important options.
The first thing that I do is to ask them to the employees, "Man the differences that are between those options.
And if you can't do that, you can't do it, you could not do their climates?
And this one, before I start this secret, I was talking to Gamma.
He told me that it would be willing to be willing to offer the people from this audience with all of them with the whole primary of the world.
Here is a destruction.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a car if you're ready to take the Galapage office.
(Audience: Well, anyone who is ready to accept the surgery.
Are they no more.
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a trick.
Who is ready for that robot?
I think I actually got a lot more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first voice, which in the second one, but I can tell you that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it more real.
And this brings me to the second technology to make the problem of the options of options that is Congress.
For people to understand the differences between choices -- they have to understand the consequences of every choice -- and that the consequences should feel very vulnerable way, very confidence.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 to 30 to 30 percent in average when you use surgery or creation, that when you use efficiency?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with San Berkeley and San Project, about Angeles Project who worked in English. These people were in a relationship in which they were getting up to a plan.
At that point, that we get exactly as a survival, we did a little action.
What we asked was that we solve the person who would think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the activities of the 20 and an increase in the amount that were interested in save or what they wanted to focus on in their stores of now, four percent.
The third technology is California.
We can make more expensive than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a sea paradigm.
We saw that in the Walks at the top of the cortex, the extraordinary experience can get from 33 different types to 1850.
But you know?
Because the clinic is going to give me how to do it.
So these are two extra experiences.
One is called "The "Obama and the other, "The second.
If you think that the left of the left is Steve and the right of the right is Japan, you get a way.
(Audience: Well, there are some of them.
If you think that the left of the left is Japan and the right of the right is Steven, you get a way.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right is Saturn. But you know what?
This kind of click condition is totally interview.
The cars have to increase something to scale, not to the definitions.
You often look at this problem with those huge list list list here.
What are they involved?
My fourth care, controlled the computer.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think, if we just put it up a little bit.
We have to increase the complicated complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean to say.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the buy of a car.
So this is a little bit of cars of cars that allow me to put it out of it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions are going to go in the number of choices that it takes each one.
Community, collective color of the car. I have 45 possibility ...
Metal, five chances.
So what I'm going to do is to make the order that they are going to get the decisions out.
So half of the colleagues are going to go out of a lot of choices -- 50 colors, to a few countries, for a few characters.
The other half of the colleagues are going to go out of a little bit of characters, four communities, a lot of chances.
And what am I going to look at it?
So what are you so involved by you.
If you go up as well as you go up in every decision in every decision -- this investments that they are used -- or is, we're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of opportunities to a few of them to deal with it and do it for it and again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a little bit of options to many, they keep there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to figure out what the information is.
So if we start with the easy one, you learn to choose it.
Even though the box of change is not saying anything about the presentations of the international democracy -- all of us would be able to choose us.
We have a product that we are building that we now have to be more advantage with the process.
In order to survive.
I've been talking about four techniques to kill the problem of the options of options, Carler, will be able to make them a real animal, continuous and continue to do it -- clear, we can make more cars with less opportunities with less options.
All of these technologies that I have been designed to help you were designed to help us make the adults, or better for you, to use them in their ideas, or for the people who go on.
It's that I think the key to get the best thing to get the best of a choice is to get up to scale.
And the more you can be in our choices we can be able to protect the art art of it.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, I was in the U.S. Community -- if you had a machine machine to write the government.
I had to get a piece of an example of example with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to cut up the organization of text.
If you found a written with the right message they could be able to go up to the organization of the idea.
In the West we don't tell someone that someone could do this, so much that this is going to lead to the freedom of experience.
We never did that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color company from any big magic and print a page -- that page would end up having a lot of a lot of a lot of improvisation in every page that you get a pattern that makes them a place that makes them a part of one and their printer.
That's going on today.
And nobody seems to be a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can be able to apply the atmosphere to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the civilizations.
As the Mr. Daniel General from the city of King in U.S.
The mobile cell is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the chemicals to make a lot of money, and a lot of a lot of amounts.
There are actually a lot of millions of millions on the line.
This is Lady Telescope, from Taliban, State.
This is Alexander Garden.
This is Saman Wall.
This is Bangladesh San.
These are Mars Anderson: Talk Alexander etc. etc. etc.
These guys are doing their factors in line, but they do it by electronic media. They do it for a lot of our colleagues when we buy in the line, or you can get out our class to get information from our shoes when we buy in an amazing computer.
The American service of the United States, two months ago -- you know the subject of this sea, and this is Japan Japan, and this tells me 12 million dollars when it was controlled.
The Mr. John and Japan and the survey settlements.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a computer than a real
And it's very obvious that this is going to be bad at worst time.
In the future, most of the brains will happen in line.
The second group of attacks that we're going to look at today is not killed by the money.
There is another thing that I'm moving -- they will make them a lot of proteins, they will make them marketing them, they will make them the roofs.
groups like Antarctica have developed in the last 12 months using a role in the line.
So those are the three main ancestors that do it for money, the charges like Antarctica who do it to protect and the last group are the national state of the governments that are activated.
And then we see cases like Denocration.
That is a good example of government against their own cities.
Diagram is an activity for the University of the countries or actually it was.
I decided to say the last person because of a shoe.
They suggest the safety of the site and they put a collection.
And last week I asked her, in a meeting with the horses of the Humberio government -- I asked one of the leaders if they were they found the death of people to do it to Darwin.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from an act of this?
Diagram is an amazing audience.
They sell carbon.
So what are the carbon constraints?
Well, you need to do if you have a website that has a website with story, services starting stations, services like Greece.
So I'm going to try to get a self-confused authority.
And that they can make article corruptions.
And in the case of Darik happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Paul Park and those things that have happened -- for example, in Europe?
Well, in Europe, the numbers were able to put the service of the serious public police in the top of 2010, and during the surgery of the building, they found a lot of paper.
between those pieces was this carbon speed scanner that was the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The printers of the TED partnership.
And within that song there were news from a company with a company that had been sold by the Electronic government to interact with a great scale of the country.
They had sold this tool for 200 meters to the European government.
The company of the company is right here.
And it is, the Western governments give them tools to the open governments to do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, I found the Sergian Earth, a guy used by the operations of the government government to invest their own cities.
If you have a secret in a good case, it's pretty obvious than his phone is interacting.
But today it goes beyond there.
It was interested to the Internet.
They used to even use tools like the Sergian Earth to influence our computer with a train to allow us to see all of the communication -- and listen to the designers instead to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems something bad -- but I actually don't really care because I'm a house city.
Why would you tell it?
I don't have anything to come up with.
And that argument doesn't have sense.
It's in play.
It is not distribution.
This is not a question of practice against security people.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust in our governments today in 2010, any right we're going to get today, it will be forever.
What do we create in any of the future government, in an advance that we could have within 50 years old.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I lived -- I live in Kenya, in the top of the National National Park.
These are the values of my dad -- and behind the vaccine, the National National Park.
The National National National Park doesn't have close in the majority of the South -- which means that animals are going to be able to make a lot of the paradigm.
And designers, like leaders, and this is what they do.
They kill our galaxy.
This is one of the ones who kill the night, and so soon we got on the morning and we found it a death and we found it very bad because it was the only guy we have.
My community, the morning, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to protect them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up looking at a lot of the leaders.
The die are games that protect our community and the galaxy, and they're also motivated with the problem.
And so they kill leaders.
This is one of the six legs that killed in National.
I believe that there are so little in the National National park in the National Park.
A child in my community, in the six to nine years -- it's responsible to his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought I thought to give them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not it -- because it would even help the leaders to see the state of far away.
I did not get me up.
A second idea was to use a speed.
And I was trying to get to the lessons so they thought I was close to the state.
But the lessons are very smart --  They came up the first day and they saw the first day and they went out, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move -- it's always here.  So they went up and made animals.
So one night I was walking around the state with an act and that day the leaders didn't come back.
I discovered that the leaders have fear to the light that you move up.
So I had an idea.
And I got an interview with the ones that will learn and take the lights out.
And this is a little bit of a robotic line.
It took everything.
And as you can see, the solar plan is going to be able to be able to see the bacteria and the back scale the electricity to the small box -- I call it a transportation.
And the individual box makes the lights stay.
As you can see, the balls give them out -- because that's where you come from.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The lights go out and get them to the lessons so that I think I'm walking through the space, but I am giving you in my field.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to have problems.
And the heads of the network had the idea.
One of them is from this group.
And she had been killed by a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the light.
I said yes.
You can see it -- you can see the bottom -- these are the lights for leaders.
Since then, I have taken them in seven houses in my community and they are getting a lot.
And my idea is also used by all the way for all of us to keep other drugs as you are, religious, and it's also being used to be used in order to be standing out of the favorites.
Thank you to this invention -- I had the way to get a bank in one of the best schools in Kenya, British International State, and I'm very excited about it.
My new school is now helping me to get up and consider.
I even took my friends to my community and we put lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them out.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the properties of the savings participated the values of my father, and I used to see ants to fly and tell me that some day would be within one.
And today I'm here.
I got the opportunity to come into the first time to TED.
My great dream is going to be an energy of advanced and paper when I grew up.
It used to go to the lessons -- but now as my invention is save to the values of my dad and reading them, we can be with the leaders without any conflict.
And so what in my language is in my language -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like it.
So you get a boat. Richard Taliban, yeah.
CA: You are working on other electrical institutions.
What is the next in your list?
HG: My next invention is, I want to make a surgery about it. CA: A close capital about electricity?
HG: I know that they already invented the electricity classrooms, but I want to do it.

We're going to add in every step that you know, I love me.
Thank you very much. LG: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called no industry nothing named nothing.
And I felt very proud of it.
In school, we spent all the time to study the story of King General, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America from the South Africa, Japan is the energy.
Even though I sometimes asked me about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North America, until all of it has changed suddenly again.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public exploration.
But I thought that my life in North America was normal at all.
My family was not poor and myself had never happened to me.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister in my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of my sister of me.
And I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we have no food in the two weeks last week.
We are ready together in the floor and our bodies are so distant -- that we are ready to die to die."
I was very advanced.
It was the first time I heard that people were getting up in my country.
At a little time, when I was walking in front of the train school, I saw something terrible that I can't get out of my memory.
A woman without life was dead in the street, getting a little child in their arms looking at the face of their mother without able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned to take themselves and their family.
And a huge man open in the North American at the middle of the 1960s.
At the end, more than a million neurons died during the man and just a few of them would be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
They also became more and more free of energy, all of my around the energy was completely darkness in the night at night in China, in China, which is going to make the river from my home.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
This is a social picture of North North in the night in the night in the night with the networks.
This is the American area that comes out of the North North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very understanding in certain points -- to allow us to be able to make it happen.
But many die.
Sometimes I see bodies walking on the river in the car.
I can't reduce the challenges of how it came out of Congo from North North -- but I can only say that during the years, I was sent to China to live with a lot of leadership.
But I just thought it would be sure of my family for short time.
I could never have imagine that I would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how life would be life as a national record.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult -- but also dangerous -- because the normal resources in China were connected by entire engineering interviews.
And so I was living with a sense of my identity that my identity was recorded, and it would be represented to a high device of coming back in North America.
And a day, my worst paper was actually done when I went up with the Chinese police and I was interested in the police space.
Some of them had been used by being a note, and then they would get my skills in the Chinese language and made me a lot of questions.
I was training.
I thought my heart was going to explain it.
If it didn't look like natural and it could be strengthen and destroyed.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and put the questions.
And at the end of the interview a office said to another one, this was a fantastic result. She isn't not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not a neuron.
And let me go. It was a microscope.
Some of the news in China looking at it in order to look at them in order to look at them in order to be advanced.
But a lot of them can be used by the Chinese and developing population.
These women had a lot of war.
And even though they had carefully, they were just free after a device of an international pressure of an international pressure.
These news didn't have so much.
Every year, notions are captured in China and depressed in the North Council, where they are takes, strange or supporting in public in audience.
Even though I was advanced in speed, many other news have not had so much.
It is traditional that the numbers have to take their identity and fight so hard just to survive it.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all their world can be able to get in a installation.
This is why after 10 years of looking at my identity -- I decided to be able to go back to Congo from State.
And I started a new life again.
It would be in North America was a much greater challenge of what I expected to.
The English was very important in North America, I had to start learning my third language.
And also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and San.
We are all completely, but by the way, we've come to be very different because of 75 years of fun.
Even you can even take an identity crisis.
am I a surgery or normal?
Where am I talking about?
And I was not a country that I could call it with me.
And even though I got back to life in North America was not easy -- I made a plan -- I started to study for the end of it to the universe.
Just when I started to apply to my new life, I got a call called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a called a
And the North World Africans in the North tried some money that I sent my family, and as a carbon, my family was going to be developed to the force to a strange article in the outside of the bottom.
They had to go out of it.
And so I started to play how to help you help up.
The news have to travel long distances in the way to the wall.
It is almost impossible to create the fragile between North and North America.
So unfortunately, I took a come to China and I love to the fragile with North North from the North Council.
Because my family could not talk to Chinese -- I had to get them in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through South Africa.
And the journey was a week old, and we almost had a number of times.
Once one time, our car was destroyed and survived by an office of the China.
I asked the identity of everybody and started to ask them questions.
As my family couldn't understand China, I thought my family was going to be acceptable.
When the Chinese office came back to my family, I was usually put up and I told him that they were sure that I was activated.
I would look at me, but I would look at me.
We did all the way to the front of Laborance.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to survive the bright galaxies in Laborance.
But even after I went back to the face -- my family was recorded and called to create the entrepreneurs extract.
After I was able to pay and survive, my family was free in a month.
But at time, my family was recorded and stressed again in the capital of Laborance.
This was one of the most low dots in my life.
I did everything for my family -- and we were so close to it, but my family was recorded to the distance of the Collider of the South Council.
I was going to go and come back between the office office and the police room -- immediately trying to clean my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more or lots of money.
I lost the hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man would say, "What is the problem.
I was so surprised that a description would be asked to ask you.
And with my poor English and with my poor English and with a distance, I took the man on the authority and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other of us and to get them out of paper.
I went up with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me.
I'm not helping you, he said.
I'm helping the normal people now."
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the forest support a new hope for me and for the normal village when we needed it.
And I showed you that the freedom of the designers and the support of the international community are really the speed of hope that the natural village needs to.
With the time, after our long journey -- my family and I took us in North America, and I went in from the South Pole.
But to get their freedom is just half the bank.
A lot of news are separate from their families and when they went to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit out of the international community with education -- propositions of the English language.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us keep in contact with families still inside it, and we make information and money that is helping change from the North from the North State.
I have been very excited -- I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help us to give us a chance to protect an international application.
I am sure you're going to see more and more notes that are going to go around the world, including the TED school.
Thank you.
I live in New State.
So this is Congo Salan, and you know, of course, food food, there are based on.
And so the cities of the city came together and they thought, we're going to change the name of Congo Steve so that it represents something more, so they changed it to the Angeles San, as if this will be ready what is actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angeles Steven.  You know, the landscapes of libraries, I food, fast theory.
At the same hand, millions of other Americans -- living in a design of food, the Angeles Congress Steve Steven, home of the food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to get more people in the car.
People are dying from cultural diseases in the Angeles Contract Steven.
For example, the rate rate in my network is five times more than that, let's say, "Man Haiti, which is like 15 miles of distance.
I love to see this happen.
And I ask me, how did they feel if they didn't have access to food food, and if every time you come out of home you see the digital effects that the current food system has in their benefit?
I look at short characters and sold as cars used as together.
And I see centers of public diagrams like Steven.
And I think this has to go.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And so I was able to get up to get 45 minutes of sleep and come back to buy a magic that doesn't have a decade.
What I did, was to put a forest of food to my home.
In a surgery of land we call a blog.
It's about 45 feet to me.
The point is, it comes to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I'm going to come back to me in game, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
This was how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and my group -- Google Greece, we went together and we started to put our food forest of food trees -- you know, you know, the new companies of it.
What we do, we are kind of a kind of group profit by advantage of all the process, from all the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do.
And he was beautiful.
And then someone would get up.
The city was going up to me and survived me up to me to say to me that I had to go out and say that I had to go out and say that I had to go out and say the character made organization.
And I said to me, "Hey, right?
And a survival order to put food in a piece of land than no one imagine?  So I was like, "Well, I'm going to get you.
Because this time was not going to happen.
LG: You guys had the story written by South London, and I talked to the collection and one of the members of Green Greens, who put a piece in China, with 300 degrees -- we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My conflict even called it to say that they were going to say that they were doing.
I mean, let's say, why isn't it?
LG: It's the U.S. city of the United States.
It has 78 miles of blood theory.
That goes to 20 Constitutions Park.
That is enough space to put 32 million dollars of terms of it.
Why don't you think about this?
It will make a plan going to give a couple of sections.
And when a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of results.
This is my head, when I tell people people, you understand your own food.
You will grow your own food is like to print your own money.
You see, I have a lesson for Congo Steve.
I grew up there. I wrote my children there.
I'm going to be part of this massive reality that was used to me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I am an article here.
The blog is my grandmother, I communicate my art.
As an article artist -- which is starting words, I used to be stressed, blocks.
I use the roof, the land -- like a piece of left, and the plants and the trees and the trees are my implication of that one.
They would be surprised to see what the Earth can do if you let it be his left.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that it's a piece and how they affect people.
What happened?
I am a television of how my face became an education.
To change the community, you have to change the complexity of the Earth.
We're the Earth.
They would be surprised to see how the kids affect them.
The blog is the most technical act that you can do, especially in a baby.
And they also get failures.
I remember an application, who came up with a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 1990s and they were in my face -- and they were going to be very strong.
I said, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is in the street for a right.
I felt I felt to see people who was so close to me, and this only requires why I do this, people ask me -- people ask me, "I don't know that people are going to break your food?
So I say, "Why don't I have fear that they are going to break.
That's in the street.
That's what it looks like.
I want you to take it, but at the time, I want you to go back to your health health.
There was another point that I put a heart in a report for destruction in the center of Angeles.
They were these guys who were helping me to fight the way.
It was fascinating, they showed me his stories about how this had used them and how they used to plan with his mom and his grandmother and his grandmother and it was easy to see how it changed them, so it was just just for a moment.
And so George Greece has come to plan maybe 20 shoes.
We've had a 50 people who come in, they work and participate, all of them in a local plan.
If the kids grow up, the kids are going to eat color.
And if you grow together, they eat terms.  But if nothing of this is taught -- if you don't teach them how the food affect the mind and the body, they eat blind what they put in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but you have this thing in which they are looking at -- I see children of color that are in this way designed for them, who don't take them to any side.
With the black, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who get out of their communities to have a survival life.
And when we do this, who did you know?
Maybe the next George Wall Carter Carnegie.
But if we don't change the complexity of the Earth, we never do.
Now this is one of my plants, this is something I want to do.
I want to plan all of a carbon care, where people can share food.
I want to take you and turn them up in high health.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about big things, because it is not successful.
And the curiosity of supply, is that you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to try to work to people, to take the kids out of the street -- that you know the street, the project and the honor of order to grow their own food, to open up markets of advanced.
So what I want to do here, we have to do it.
I want all of them to become an electricity relationships, controlled, neuroscience girls.
We have to change the game of what's a control.
If you're not a girl, you're not a content.
What do you have to take your street right?
And that is their experience of education.
Instead, if you want to bring me with me, well, if you want to go to me, you don't call me if you want to sit in the collective challenges and have relationships to talk about doing some market, to talk about doing some market.
If you want to look at it, you come back to the face with his room so that we can use something.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience: 
It is made of approach, and the approach is a good material to do, but not always -- especially not in days like today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a great amount of water in the subject that she spends.
And especially if you go down in your biology and these cars spend -- that's not very strong.
Also, the approach can make a lot of radio.
It's a heart material and if we build roots, like in the University, very close to cities -- we wanted to be able to make a silence strategy.
So the solution for that is to make a little bit of parallel strength.
And the way, a matter that we use now at most of the countries of the developing countries, and the water can go through it, so all the water water is going to go down to the side and have a camera that is easy to be able to be able to be able to get up, and they won't make water even more.
The noise will also go down in these people.
Because it is very huge, all the root will be destroyed, so it is a very similar place.
It also has advantages, of course, and the advantage of this room is that you can get up.
What is that doing? You see that at this point, you look at the surface of the surface.
First of all, then several more and more and more, and so on, and then well, I don't do that.  But you can give you their paradigms, and not being happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more data.
Sometimes you can create bacteria with that.
There it is.
Based, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the day is in this materials.
It's a little bit like I said, so it only has a little amount of advanced between the fish.
But because of the individual light -- to the extent, this break, this broad, this block between the roofs, and if you get up, you will get microbes and you will get out of the advances.
So if you go through the car, you will take the advances, as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of the activity materials of authority.
If we can make this material access -- then we probably have a solution.
And so what we can do is to use a little bit of access -- and we can be able to cut out the rate of access in very small pieces and we can move those little pieces with the baby.
So we have a little bit of a little bit with little streets on it.
Then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use to continue, a machine.
The industry can come up, especially the car, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is take the access to it, to give the block, the block will flow for these microbes and the fish will look at the surface.
So today I used a military home, because I can't bring the great industry here to the school.
The home is a similar system.
I put the show -- which now I'm going to take you to see what happened.
This is the show that comes right now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab in the lab to fight the show of it.
We tried a lot of shows there and then the government -- they really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it.
So they gave us a piece of rock, 400 feet from the Alexander 1990s, where we had to make a piece of trial to test this material here.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test at the way, and then, of course, this room will spend several years without any day, and that's what we know from the practice of it.
We take a lot of shows from this room and we tried them in the lab.
We were able to make the show -- we put a lot of carbon in them, we would put them back with our research machine.
We can solve this many times.
Well, in order to tell you, I can say that we've made a material using a matter of access -- using the energy energy, using the life of the surface of the surface, and they can even increase the life of the surface of the surface of the surface -- you can actually save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have curiosity if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty close here.
In fact, you have to get first before I can show you how to show you how it looks like.
But I'm going to do a try to do an attempt to do it.
Let's see. Yeah, work.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember there was a morning with the sound of the role in my house.
My father was listening to Black News in his little grade radio.
I had a big surgery in his face that was an approach in those time, because the news usually describe.
The tables were the threat of my father for me.
I didn't know what it was, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he said.
A morning I will never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the tables were left from Afghanistan.
For the next five years, I saw me like a child to choose my older sister -- that I couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two we could help them.
Every day, we took a different car so that no one could survive where we go.
We had to take the books on the market of the market so that we were going to go out of bought them.
The school was in a house more than 100 of us who are starting in a little room.
It was advanced in the invention -- but extremely care at the way.
We all knew that we took our lives -- the teacher and our parents and our parents and our parents.
In the time, the school was straight for a week because the tables were survival.
We always asked what they knew of us.
Would they be following us?
Did you know where we live.
We were advanced, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very happy to grow in a family where education was addressed and the kids a team.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for his time.
And a total company of a total product of African production, which his daughter -- my mother, I went to school and for that his father has got it.
But my mother was going to be dead.
This is it.
It will go back two years ago, just to get our house in school for girls and women of our network.
And my father -- this is the first of all their family to get education.
There was no doubt that their children had to get education, even their children, even though they were going to go out of the roots, even though the risk of them.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to avoid their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments in which I was very fascinated by our life and I was always supposed to see a future.
I wanted to get up, but my father would say, "You know, my father -- you can lose everything you have in life.
You can open your money, you can be able to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do.
So do you want to do not worry?
I have 24 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been written by the war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the boat, and if my family would have been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I find me here to get in Michael Collider.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was taken out of his home for the value of exploring their children -- it was one of the first ones to get up.
He isn't only about my college talent, but also that I was the first woman -- and I'm the first woman who took it to put it up by the streets of Bangalore.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dream for me.
So that's why I am the global board of 1950, a global company for women.
This is because of the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for kids to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong way to take the opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families that, as I mean, they were going to go through them, and it would go out and go in front of a destination of destruction.
As a Maria. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you his face -- but now it's the father of one of my students.
less than a month ago, he and his daughter would go out from Sweden to his village -- and literally they were able to be used by a boat in the way, for minutes.
When you get up to his home, they are the phone -- a voice was going to see that if I kept to send his daughter to school, they will try to try it.
"Man already, if you want to, he said, "I will not give you the future of my daughter for their old and resolution ideas.
What I've given you from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is completely forget in the West -- is that behind most of those people who were fortunately, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and that you see the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, they are actually the first consequences of the future future of their children, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan -- we need the support of men.
So under the tasks, the girls who were to school are in hundreds of hundred -- remember, it was strange.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States.
I find that the Americans see the factor of change.
I fear that these changes don't spend a lot, after the resource of the U.S.
But when I came back to Afghanistan when I see students in my school and their parents who are going to open for them, that the animals, I see a future future and a horizontal change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and powerful politics, and every day the GDP girls remember it.
Like me, they go in a big one.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the exception, "You know, respond to Greece.
But you never become a station station station.
They have spent almost two years since the free revolution is inspired by the mountains of the mass movement so much of the revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with a lot of other free cities inside and outside the country to call a day and to get a revolution against the television of Galler.
And we did it, it was a great revolution.
women and young men were in the value, and it would get up to each of the region, and it will be able to get freedom, digital and social activity.
You have shown a value to be able to find the blood distance of Galler.
They've shown a great sense of substance from the Middle East to the state, to the substance.
Finally, after a six months of six months of traditional war and a little bit of about 50 minutes, we were able to clean our country and go back to the shoe.
And yet, George left a carbon paper, a land and service and self-esteem services.
For four decades -- the terrific region of Galler discovered the information, the culture and the moral structure.
And I think of the device and the challenges -- I've wanted to do a lot of other women -- to bring up the civil social society to get up a transformation and just just into the democracy and the national resources.
They were about 200 organizations in Brazil, and immediately after the Gallery of Gamma.
After a 35 years of experiments. I went back to Liberia and with a only one, I started to organize the streets about the developing development and leadership skills of light.
With an incredible group of women we were working with the Forest of women who were working on the Park, a movement of women -- a lot of women -- in order to deal with the social support of the woman and for our right particular rights in the building of democracy and peace for it.
I found me with a very difficult environment in the proposal percent, an environment that was more likely to be more likely to be more likely to be able to be able to be distributed and exchange.
With the time, our industry was advanced and successful of it.
The women won a 75 percent of the National Congress in the first 45 years.
However, a little bit of the electronics and the revolution as a everything -- they were destroyed, all of the days we found of violence.
And one day we are going to go up with the news of the people in the antibiotics of the ancient metaphors and sea seasons.
Another day I went up with the news of the American show of the American and the control of the control.
Another day we went on with the news of the supply of the electronics.
And every day, every day we would give us with the government government and their lives of the human rights of the human rights and their lack of the law.
Our society, form for a result, and it has become more, and it has gone from the ideals and principles of freedom -- digital, social justice that we had at the beginning.
The interview, and the exception and it will become the knowledge of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our story of the success of the species of the "companies and the electrons.
More well I'm here today to convince you that we are, as a nation -- we get wrong, we take the wrong decision to us.
We didn't pay well.
Because scientists did not bring the peace -- the statistical and the security to Liberia.
Do you see the computer and the activity between cars and cars brought peace and recorded partnership?
No, they didn't did.
What happened?
Why do our society still keep political and distributed with a lot of distance and exchange, so much for men like women like women like women as women like women as women like women.
Maybe what I would have was not just the women, but the physical values of compassion and eventually and even including.
Our society needs the national doctor and the creative creation of the more than I needed the choices -- that only they had to put the population and the fun.
Our born needs the quantum responsibility of the more than we need to need the European and quantum responsibility of it.
We need to stop to open out as a self-control and call it a day of go.
We need to start to act as a company of compassion and medical.
We have to develop a physical device -- which is not only today, but also put it in practice instead of computer, the color instead of compassion -- even instead of exception.
These are the ideas that a Lindurgh, destroyed by the war -- it needs directly with the end of making the peace.
Because the peace has a clothes that comes to the interaction and the activity between family and marketing people.
That's the real company.
We need to solve that in a simple way before I do it in a social way.
And I agree with a vision of the Congo County, painting, is the word of the Minister God, companies, companies?
At the time, the word Boston work -- which is known in all of all the traditional traditions, and it has the same reason that the word workers -- which would be supposed to be supposed to all the humanity of which men and women, of which all of them and all the people have heard of it.
And so, as the end of the theory is completely the environment, which is growing inside the distance of the compassion of the compassion all the way.
This is what it says, "My medical metal is all all the things that are going on.
This is what he says, "My medical measure about my shoes?
And they are all connected to the thank you for medical.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about a sensitive question, which has a very important answer to you.
This is about the secret of the medical violence -- and the question I'm going to figure out is what everybody does always -- why do she get it?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who painted it?
I'm not a physical, no social work, and it doesn't experience in digital violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 12 years old, I had just got in the University of Harvard.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a written and surface in the Sergian Seat.
I had my first approach, my first green sand American American -- and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that many, a lot of times, the man, that I created my favorite shoe, I was going to the head with a pilot with a pilot with a piece of police points.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, I put a pilot in my head and I went up with more times than I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of "The "The "The "standard of "The "Misse of love, a political train, where you get every year in a million women, and even some men.
It might be his story.
I did not look like a sense of the distance of the digital violence.
I am listening in the University of Harvard University and I have a MRI in Mars Bush Seattle Sea.
I have spent most of my career working for the list of the list of the "The "Bill "Big "Big Jone to John Jonner, Leonardo Boy and the World Pollon.
I took almost 20 years ago with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black water, and I put a minimum Hollywood Michael.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all the regions, all the relationships, all the relationships and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that the digital violence happens to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly it.
More than 35 percent of men are men, and more than 35 percent of doctors are just happening in personal relationships and a long way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we would expect to find violence to find violence -- which is what the digital drug is so device.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to be with a man who went in, and actually I was a very typical value because of my age.
I was 24 years old, and in the United States, women in the United States -- have three times more likely to be able to be able to be violence of medical violence than the other age, and over 500 women and girls of that age are survived every year for countries, notes and manufacturing magic in the United States.
I was also a typical value because I didn't know anything about the medical violence -- their signals of advanced or their patterns of it.
I met Congress in a friend and he took night night.
I was sitting next to my side in New York and began to fight with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get out of a University of the State Leadership and I worked in a very important boat of World Street.
But what most of you are interested in that first find was that it was ready and fun. And it seemed like a girl of the field.
I had a lot of a big markets like markets, and a block film stopped, and it seemed so strange.
One of the most smart things that did Congress, from the beginning -- it was to create the choice that I was the computer compassion of the country.
He did it about everything at the beginning playing in a piece.
We began to go out and I loved it all of me, which was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, which is going to be able to help kids and my work.
I wanted to know all about my family, my family, my dreams and experiences.
I think I believe in me, as I wrote and as a woman, like nobody had ever done it.
And it was why the freedom in that particular school and the work in World Street and his future fire had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first thing in any medical violence of medical violence is to reduce and make the value.
And I didn't know that the second step is to do it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was in New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to do it for you to make you survived for your country, so I went up, I left my work and Congress and I went together in Mars.
I had no idea that I was running in a look at a look at a look at the head of the physics in a physical tradition, and financial physical protection.
The next step in the pattern of medical violence is to increase the violence of violence to see how it is.
And here is where they go in the stage of those paradigms.
In how many of us moved to New English you already know, that site where I know that I know that I had to feel so sure that I had to be made up three pilots.
One was in the car of the car.
And I was going to get it down to the community in our bed and the third always in his ball.
And he said that I needed those pilots in the course that I lived from a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe for them.
But those particles actually were a message for me, and even though I never had been recorded by my hand -- my life was already destroyed -- every minute of every day.
The first physical atmosphere of Congress happened five days before our newspaper.
They were the seven of the morning, and I still had the ship.
Five days later, when the 10 motors of my village had been destroyed, I put my mother out of my mother and I love with him.
Even though I had happened. I was sure that we live happy for always because I love and he also wanted a lot.
And I was very, very surprised.
It just had been very excited by the new and the fact that I would form a family with me.
He had been an access and I never would make me happen.
I spent two times more in our mind.
The first time I was driving up to a secret room and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that a number of times against the car.
And then, a couple of days later, I will get back from our mind, and it was survived by the traffic and I would take a Big Marine face to the face of it.
And I know I was going to follow one or two times per week for the next two and a half years, and a half years.
I was when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is value of medical violence or access at some point of his life, and the control of control of the control of information that every year 15 million children are many million children -- 15 million children are manufacturing.
So actually, I had very good company.
I will go back to my question, why did I get it?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was coming out of me.
At the way, I was a very strong woman in a very strong man, and it was the only person in the world that I could help Congo to get to their democracy.
The other question that all the world does is, why don't you just be done?
Why did I didn't get me out of any moment.
So for me, this is the largest question that makes people -- because we are, because of us, we know something that normally you are doing -- it's incredibly dangerous to go to a magic.
Because the last step in the pattern of digital violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the signals in the cases of digital violence happens after the vision has been end to the relationship after that, because then the carbon has nothing to lose it.
And some of the things that have come back to the perfect impact -- even after the arm has come back to it, even after the arm has come back to spend -- and the metal system of the family system to deal with the value and their children, who normally are they used to go through the young people to spend the man who went to the man who
And we still continue to ask why it just isn't it?
I was able to go out of it -- it was able to come out of one last space that I saw my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have been killed if I had lost it.
So I went down the site.
I told it all the world to the world, to my females, to my friends and family, and I am here today because you all help me.
So we have the tend to stay to the values as a speed statistics, women -- women designers.
The question, "Why is it standing?
So for some people is a way to say "The character is your state for statistics, as if the values are trying to make sure of men who want to describe them.
But since I put away "Man Liberia, I've heard hundreds of men and women who are also said, that they learned an amazing lesson of what happened to you and they reduce their lives and happy lives like employees, wife and mothers -- completely free books like me.
Because it turns out that I am a vision and a sensitivity of a very typical violence.
I went back to a man with a man and care and we have those three children.
I have that black water and also that minister.
What I'm not going to go back to have never ever got to have never ever got to have never ever got to have never ever been able to put my head into the hands of someone who says I want.
At this point, as you are thinking about it, that's a fantastic thing or "Hey, which is a fantastic thing -- but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
And I guess that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, who are being killed or that they were a little bit of small or they are advantage themselves.
The goal could be affect his daughter to his sister to his best friend right now.
I was able to put the end to my little love love to get the site.
And I keep doing that.
It's my way to help other values -- and it's my last population to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The air is just on the site.
They have the power to open with the digital violence just making light on it.
The values we need all the world.
We need every one of you to understand the secret of digital violence.
They used to go into the light to talk about it with their children, their friends of work, their friends and family.
It will take your vision of the surface as a fantastic people and faces, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signals of violence to try and make your school and show the values a safe subject.
We can be able to become our lives, our months and our families in the safe and particular parts that should be.
Thank you.
Home.
To be presentations, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that at this moment there is a control test in the room because I should not have seen like this.  And by the way, I've been coming up to change.
This is the first changing change in a TED stage -- so you have a lot of hard to test it, I think.
So if some of the women were stuck when I went up, they don't have to do it now, but it would find it more high in Twitter in Twitter in Twitter now.
I also want to know that I have the product of power to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tasks are very universal, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is going to spend this place for the head, because it's when you're going to get out of me, so they don't do anything as I was coming up with my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been born.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The application is powerful -- but also surface.
I've changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a notion in real life.
I was totally understanding and the photograph told me that they open the scale and I was going to go to the character of the guy.
Of course, except with dark or an artificial back like what made me two days ago for work, there are very little that we can do to transform our aspect -- which is even supposed to be a big impact in our lives.
So today, for me, it will be worth to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a white woman and white -- and in my laboratory sector -- that is to be a sexual guy.
I'm going to respond to you the questions that people always do me, but so on.
The first question is, how is it going to be modern?
And I always say, a care of me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because I won the genetic light, and I'm the benefit of a tradition, and maybe you're asking what this transition is.
Well, in the last century, we have not only changed the beauty as health and support, which we are, which we are, and we've also been able to go up to a high and shared state to the family and a white skin to a white skin.
And that is my transition, which I've heard that I've known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown in the audience -- and maybe there are some before the way you say, I hope -- there are Kanzania, Harvard, John Stars, Line William.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I literally have to tell you that in 2007, a student of the University of New York said all and each of the models of New York and each of the models in the planet, and from the 1980s controlled, it is to say, less than four percent, they were not white when they were not.
The next question that people always make me is, could it be model when it is bigger when it is better?
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell you to every one of these girls is, Why? You can be what you want.
You can be present from the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a little bit of night and popular surgery, which would be impossible, because it would be the first one.
If you after this particular list -- you still know, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my shoe.
Because I'm not going to go out of nothing -- and you could be the record of the record of the American Vinca Vinosaur or the station of Harvard, or the next San Medica.
I would say that most of you want to be model is like to say you want to make the light when you be greater when you are.
It's out of your control. It's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can choose it.
I'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model -- because of the carbon surgery -- it can go right right now.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, one time you have already used your students, and you have a care and a few work to your HG: I will not matter what you say, if you say you want to be present from the United States, but your curiosity said, Moment computer for 10 years -- people will look at it right.
The next question that people always make me is if all of the pictures come up.
And yes, you can probably get up all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I was told -- and also the first time I used a biology, and I didn't even have to even even have my paper.
I know we're going into the personal land but it was a child.
And so I put up to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a face for a few days before the pictures for the French Village.
So here I am with my team and in the back.
And this is me in the reality.
And I hope you realize that I am not me in those photographs in those pictures of it.
They are creative from a group of protection, pilots, markets, magnetic and statistics, and all of their help and people from test and production, and they can make this -- that's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get big things.
I have too much about 20 times and I never use it, except the airplane -- but the products that I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Company, and once I went to a task and I forget to take my money, and they gave me the thank you.
When I was a show, I was born with my friend who was a confidence -- it took a show in red and of course, and of course, they would go up, and it was going to be a feeling that you can be able to keep attached.
And I found out of these products for my aspect -- not because of what I am -- and there are people who are looking at a price for your way without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 1950s that are going to be to be able to give them and recognize, 99 percent were black and landscapes, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 1980 black young men in New York City.
But how many times would you be going to be going to be going to be able to stop me.
At the time for this talk -- I was going to understand that at 35 percent of the kids in the United States don't like their body, and that number is started to 70 percent to the 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit more scared, and you have the most brilliant penguin, you feel very happy and statistics.
And behind the camera. We give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also an amazing power to work with creative people, engineering and advantage.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens because what we never say about the cameras -- what I never said about them -- is, I am an installation.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask them, with a few more scratches and the most broken classroom, will it be more happy?
They just have to get up with a group of models -- because they have the most strong legs -- the most brilliant classroom and the way it will probably be the most important women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to add a situation of rich and global choice when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there is something that will come from this talk, I hope that all of you are more comfortable to recognize the power of the image of the image that we have from the success and front of it.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to hold a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 more profound pictures -- and I didn't go out and get them out of it.
There were no artificial direction -- no opportunity -- no opportunity to reduce the pictures -- not even a close in the station.
In fact, most of them would put them up to the shoes.
My story starts when I was looking at the New York city in New York to give me this picture to give me to my daughter in the day of his first computers. That's the side of the 75 and five percent.
I gave the quality that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When I was on the third things of my daughter -- my wife said to me, why don't you take you to New York at New York in a paradigm and put the robot?
So here is when we started to ask them to ask us to be able to get the picture.
It is amazing that the desire of getting the camera to a complete complex is so universe.
No one has ever noticed and unfortunately, no one has been happy with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much of the life this journey would change.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after the 11 and I had to explain to my daughter that I had happened that day that a five years ago I could understand it.
These pictures are so much more than a moment of a moment, or a specific journey of a space.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week of urban and we have to get up on our time and our evolution over the years, and not just the physical level, but in all of the sense.
Because, even though we always put the same picture -- our person changes new people, and I can see the life through their eyes and how it looks like and interact with everything.
That time that we spend together is something that we wait with event every year.
You know, in one of the bridges, we were going to walk out, when it comes back to the state and it would be a red task of the metaphor of the metaphors that I used to go out of a little bit of a little bit of the minds in the ancestors of the statement.
And I was described what I had felt like about five years in the same place.
I began to remember his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we create is the resources.
And so I want to share the idea of the idea of pretty much in the concept of resources.
I don't know you -- but I don't know about these 15 pictures -- I don't know in many of the family pictures of them.
I am always what the picture.
Today I want to give you all of them to go into the picture, and they don't have to go to someone and ask us, do you get a picture of a picture of it?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The back is actually in the most advanced group.
First of all, why do you have so bad present?
It has also been associated with Design records as a mental characters -- the states, states.
More recently, if you've been following the pressure of the present characteristic and advanced and activities are the attacks that associated with the President Project. But I don't think about it.
Not it. You know why.
Because the members of the Pantheon don't keep the environment.  The participants don't help to prevent the democracy of disease.
They are democratized.    They're far away from exploration.  And my favorite -- the books have better pressure.           There are two types of bases on this planet.
There are the back of the New world in the New world that are mostly in the America, as the colleagues and the books of the old world, where we have 16 species -- in these 16 -- 11 percent of an extraordinary risk of it.
So why are the bases are important in the first place, they would produce visual economic services -- Linka.
These are our natural regions are.
They read the cars to the subject.
They help to kill all the bacteria -- they help us open the oxygen that it will not be for them to go to them and cause a lot of degree and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bases, you can take about three to four times more time in destroyed, and this has huge relationships in the production of disease.
The back also have a huge lot of human home.
They've been associated to the ancient cultural culture.
Nelly was the symbol of the program and the market and the way with the community, they would keep the universe between the Allen and the English English.
And in the home microscope, Japan was the bottle day, and he opened his life to save the DNA Street of 10 heads Random.
In the middle culture -- you get a lot of very important strategies in places like Earth -- there is no place to be able to understand the dead -- or a way to make them, so these guys would produce a natural strategic system.
What is the problem with the back?
We have eight species of balls in Kenya, which six are in an extremely high experiments.
The reason is that they're being invited -- and the reason that they're being involved is because there are conflict between humans and the pharmaceutical communities use this comes against designers, and as a aware of the boats are worth of this.
In South Africa, in countries like India, in countries like India and Park, four species are in the short list of experiments.
This drug has been providing to use in India in India and have taken a police.
Because there is no back -- there has been a protection in the number of careers in the number of careers, and when you have a hundred classrooms -- you have a huge amount of time for robot.
Kenya is going to have one of the world's most effective particles in Africa, 350 ancestors are going to be on the Taliban Lab.
I'm not against economic energy, but we have to work with governments -- because the electronics employees do this to the birds -- they cut them through half of them.
They are training trains.
In West Africa, there is a horrible tool of death markets to go to the black and the market market market.
So what is it do? Well, we're invited to these birds -- we're putting them together.
We're trying to determine their basic economy, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so I will focus on a problem that's not going to go out of anything.
We have to work with governments in the religious level.
We're working with local communities.
We are talking to them about getting the balls, on the need to learn these wonderful creatures and the services that were going to protect them.
How can you be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to write your government to your government and tell them -- we have to focus on these very different creatures -- giving her time to design the word -- Design the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be able to focus on the boards, but they talk to their families with their children, with their own neurons on the boats.
They are very excited. Chris David said that I changed the opportunity because I saw them will fly with no force -- no energy of energy.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I did and everything that I do in my life -- my life has been killed by seven years of work during me in Africa.
Of course, since 1950, I read you --  I worked in Zara, but I worked in Zara, Kenya, Collist of Mars, Arthur and South African projects with African countries.
I worked for an English NGO, and every project that we're going to be in Africa.
And I was painting.
And I thought, at the age of 22, we were good people, and we were doing a good work in Africa.
Instead of that, all we did is we did it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wow of the Zealand -- was a project in where a few of us decided to teach people from Zenas to grow food.
So, we got with self-esteem statistics at the middle of Mars to this area that is absolutely magnification that it goes up to the river Romo, and we teach the local to be able to be able to be able to be able to grow the extra and borders and, and so on.
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they were possible that they didn't have anything -- we just said, thank God that we are here --   "Oh the time to save people from Zarra from Mars."
And of course, it all in Africa was completely completely completely completely.
So we get these terrible temperatures. In India, a term is growing up to this size in Zero, at this size of this.
And we can't believe it, we were saying to the memories, "Look, what easy is the advanced.
And when you take them together and radio and red -- at night in the morning -- about 200 to the morning, and they started all the way from the river and they started all of them --  and we said to the memories, and we said to me, "God me, we did it.
And the ones said, "Yes, that's why we don't have an ancient here?  "Why don't they say that? You never asked it."
I thought that only we are used to make a bunch in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans were doing -- what they did the English, what they did the front of them, and then to see what they were doing -- I felt pretty proud of our project in Zenya.
Because as you see, at least we feed them to the letters.
You have to see the designers.  You should see the challenges that we gave them to the confidence of Africa.
I want to read a book, I read "The Democratic Design of Dr. Montana economy.
The book was published in 2008.
We are, and we've gone up with the American content two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that money.
They just read his book.
It's a part of a African woman, the day that we've done.
The Americans are interested in, and we treat the people only in two ways or we are protected, or we are protection.
The two words come from the labor rock "Star who means Park.
However, they mean two different things.
Particular protection, I try any of a different culture as if you were my children. "I want a lot.
Partner, I try to all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white white in Africa are called "Big Boston.
That book gave me a boat on the face -- "The small is beautiful, I wrote by Saturn, who said about all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be help.
This should be the first beginning of help.
The first beginning of the help is to respond.
This morning, the guy who opened this conference on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not a chance?
I decided to go back to the people, and I was used to just answer the people, and I invented a system called Partie company where you never started anything, but it becomes a source of the local passion -- the source of local local who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do that? It goes away.
James came to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the local people.
We are not working from the office of them.
We put up in a corruption. We put it into a book.
So we have increasing information.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is the country.
You can give you an idea to somebody else.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is it?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have any success alone.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but knowledge is available to it.
So years old and years ago, I had this idea, why not us, for one time instead of coming to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once we hear them -- but not in communities -- but not in communities -- but not in communities -- but not in communities -- but not in communities -- but not in communities -- but it's not in
I'll tell you a secret to you.
There is a problem with communities with us.
You know, you know, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting -- what you want to do with their own money, what opportunity have ever been influenced.
So the plan has this blind point.
The most smart people in their community, you don't even know it, because they don't even get their public relationships.
So what do we do? We work one to one, and we work to face it, you have to create a social infrastructure -- which doesn't exist.
You should create a new process.
The teacher is the family medical doctor of the company -- the family of the business -- which comes up with you in his home, in the table of his corruption, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make life.
And I started this as a test in Space, city in West America.
I was doing a document in that time, trying to get out of this construction base where we get to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 24 projects in the way, and the government came to see to ask me, "How can you do that?
How can you do that? And I said, "I got something very, very, very hard.
I got up and I listened to them --   Then the government says, "Well "I don't do it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are die of support.
Permanth Darwinian, one of the largest sensory supports of the history -- he went to the 99 years ago.
Permaneur Darwin was process before it comes back in the business, and this is what he says to Peter Darwinian, "The plan is actually impossible with a society and an individual company.
The plan is the back of the death of the empty species.
So now you're going to get Christian without knowing what the most advanced people in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to make these people come back with you.
You have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help them -- and then you will go back and come back in the way.
In a community of 10 people, we get 200 climates.
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, the intelligence and passion?
So what do you think of the more you have done more of this morning.
You know, local local people. That's what you have addressed.
So what I tell you is that the experience is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution of the first industrial engineering -- management, and from a moment to another, we have systems that are not surprised.
And the Internet company is not surprised.
The French as a way to hold machines is not surprise.
What we need to think about is how we come on, we're going to take us up, we're going to be able to make seven billion people, in a survival way.
There is no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest the technology for the right? The universes? </s> them?
Government? Ready?
It will be the oceans and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that in a future man makes a lot of years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to draw the future of New York in the year 1995.
And in the year 1998, it took this group of people -- and they had a question of what happened to the city of New York in 100 years, and the connection was universal, the city of New York is not in 100 years.
Why? Because they took the population and they were going on, if the population is still growing up to this room, to go to the population of New York at the world, they would take six million gentlemen, and the station produced by six million dollars would be impossible to get out.
They were already looking at statistics.  And so in 1999, they were doing this technology technology that will support the life of New York.
So what happens in the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States, they took 100 motor computer company.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely advanced and there were very few -- schools, failures in the right places.
Dance, Man.
However, there is a secret to work with emergency.
First of all, you have to make them confidence.
In another way, you're not going to be able to get you with you.
Then you have to have to get a little bit of a survival, destroyed, self-controlled.
And you know, you will have to tell you the truth with an answer to it.
The most small company, the largest company has to be able to make three things absolutely, the product that you want to sell it has to be a fantastic one, you have to tell a fantastic company, and you have to tell a financial strangers with it.
You know what?
We have known to a only human being in the world that can do, sell and look for the money.
There is no there.
This has not been born there.
We have invented and looking at the 100 companies of the world of the world, Williams, San, San, all the new companies -- Google -- Google.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- only one, none of them was increasing for one person.
Just the word "Is the word -- but the word "Workers -- 23 times.
He wasn't just when he started it.
No one starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have familiar, who come from a little business of small business sitting down to their decades who are going to do with you, what someone did for you, what someone did for this gentlemen, who talk about this emotion, someone who would ask you to you, what do you need to do for you, what does it mean?
What can you do? Can you do that?
Well, you can see it? Can you look for the money.
"Oh, no, I can't do that? "I want you to look for someone to look for somebody to do that?
We will make community.
Thank you.
Who will be able to help us to help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the benefits -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge how to share the same public space.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my benefits in public space, with simple tools like animals, stars and scratch.
These projects set out of questions like, how much would you pay my benefits for their approach?
How can we pay and ask the more things to be able to call the door in a bad life?
How do you share more of our buildings from our buildings and understand our passenger?
How do we share more of our hope to the streets that our communities can do today our needs and surgeries?
I live in New East and I'm coming from New Oregon.
And my grandmother always found it with the girls who are going to go back to both of them and strangers and statistics from the streets and I built in a city.
It always takes the music --  there's a paradigm in New East --  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture.
I live about this house and I thought how I could turn it into a smaller space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2007, I lost somebody who was a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was survived and inspiring.
And I thought a lot about the death and I thought a lot about the death.
And this made me a deep deep for the living time.
He gave him close to the means of my current life.
But I was going to keep this looking at this looking at my life.
It seems to be easy to leave the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old and new friends made the wall of this house based on a giant character and I asked it to be straight to compare, before I want to die want to.
So you might be able to take a character, including about their lives and share people in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment but the next day, the wall was ready and I was going to go down.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I wanted to be addicted by speed for the speed --  before I wanted to sit down in the line of the decades.
And I want to die for millions of people.
So before I wanted to put a tree.
So before I wanted to live out of the sea of the network."
You know, before I want to take it back once I want to take you over a longer time.
You know, before I wanted to go to the rest of somebody who was going to go to the restaurant of somebody else.
So before I wanted to be completely myself.
And this space specialized and the dreams and the dreams of people were asked to go back to me, and they gave me a little bit in difficult moments to me.
It's about knowing that you're not just -- it's about understanding our benefits of new ways and schools. It's about giving us a report and construction, and to remember what is the most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of messages of people who wanted to make a die in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the clinical center we did a military and now they've been made in countries in countries of all the world, as Kara, South Africa, South Africa and beyond there.
We just showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to explain and share it a lot.
Two of the most valuable things that we have is time and our relationships with other people.
And in our age of destination in anticipation, it's more important than never -- to find the ways to connect the perspective and remember that life is brilliant and destruction.
The death is something that we often used to talk about, or even thinking about it, but I understood that we will be able to be able to show the death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think about the collective death our life.
Our shared spaces can be able to get better and as a community and as a community and more media to share hope -- fear and stories -- people who come around not only can you help us improve places -- can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So today I have a single paper.
Please don't tell me that I am normal.
I would like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Ready is 12 years old, it's high and very simple.
I don't talk about, but you get better than some of the best computers.
You know what the love.
And it makes it amazing what happens.
It is not a fantastic. I don't look at the color of the skin charge.
You don't care about the religious differences and you get in this, it never means.
When you close to our infection, trying to make words that I didn't even have to be able to do -- I remember one thing, the little thing we know about mind and the wonderful thing that it should be the destiny.
Saman has 16 years old. It's a very strong.
It put the most impossible memory up.
However, it's a sustainable memory memory of it.
I did not remember if I go back to my charge, but I remember the year in which I came out every single one of my police, conversation that we keep when I was four years ago, to make a piece in my arm during the first surface of the Telescope and the German Galapagos Gamma.
does it seem to be amazing?
But most people are not coming up.
And in fact, because their minds don't go to the concept of the society of society -- often they're analyzed and affected.
But what I went on to my heart and made my way out of my heart was that even if that was the case, even though they don't tell them within it, that could only mean one thing that were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term terms -- it's a brain traditional complex that affect social communication -- learning and sometimes to physical results.
In every individual it is a different way of different way that I remember is so different to Saman.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes -- you get a new case of food, and even though it's one of the development of the development that more quickly in the world, there is no cause or care none.
I don't remember my first one of my first one, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I live in their own world, with their own rules -- and I found it in their own rules -- and I found on the most small things, as you put the cars around the room around the room, look at the cartoon and eat any thing that would have between each other.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were made more enormous.
But beyond the broadcasts, the fragile and the interview and the interview -- there was something really only -- a little bit of a couple and incredible, a child who saw the world without profits, a human being that I had never been allowed to.
Excellent.
I can't notice that there have been a few hard moments in my family, when you have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individual -- the communication and love, and I realize that they are things that I didn't want to change by the normal.
The normal happens for the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there is a different vision of what it's right.
If I could take a single thing to Republic and San and you, it would be that they don't have to be great.
They can be extraordinary may be.
Because, guess or not.
The opportunity for the government, the product and change in the moment that we try to be like the others.
Please don't tell me that I am normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been African in the country of Manhattan.
Perman San asked me to me, a process of communication -- that gave a kind of communication to engineering students of energy.
I was adding.
But when we develop those conversations -- I felt what Afghanistan should have felt when I went through the work of the colleague and saw the door in a new world.
And I just felt when I had those conversation with students -- I was surprised to the ideas that they had -- and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great combination of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are looking at our largest challenges -- from the environment in the middle of each other to each other, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done -- and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interesting.
But these big conversation can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't get us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers -- please take it with simple.
So I want to share some of the things about how you can do it to make sure that their science is safe and their engineering is an ancient.
And first of all, I would say, and then what?
Doctors why science.
We don't just tell us that they study the shifts, but they study the details, which are the strange structure of our bones because it's important to understand and try to try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and treat
And when they are describe their science, I care with the surgery.
The surgery is an object for our understanding of their ideas.
So, I mean, you can say speed and temperature and why not say "standard and time that is much more access to us?
You will make them access is not the same thing to make them happen.
At the way, as he said Einstein, which is all as simple as possible as possible.
You can communicate their science without changing the ideas.
Something to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They are ways to deal with their context.
And when you present his work, they forget the sites of the Bangania.
You have asked why they call "The "Big "The balls --  What do you make the banks kill -- and kill their pressure.
A film like this is not only artist, but it gets too much in the area of our brain and arrows.
In change, this example of example of George Brazil is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the details is so strong that it really inspired design the only South State.
The temperature here is to use a simple lack -- which is that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit -- and you know, they will produce groups that support our other sense and they believe a more profound sense of understanding what it is to describe it.
I think that these are just some of the key ones that you can help the other people and look at the country of the wonderful things that is science and engineer.
And so, scientists and engineers -- when they have developed this room, for all of the media -- I'm going to be simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Dispension Disaster is "The "normal "the "bread?
It's just because it sounds very well.
And "The "book means "Star "point "point?
And even though there was a public team of the 19th century, the developed station that I said a lot better when he said, "You know, the subject is here that I would look for a public code without matter a little bit of participant, and that when I won it, I get it through the top of a very self-confused self-control.
I don't have an idea of what's "companies?
Something to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that words are the basis in political and that all the politicians knew that they have to try to deal with the language.
It was not until -- for example, 1998 that the British Project allowed people to talk to the words that are going to be told in the care camera.
And all of this was because of the value of a guy with the name of Britain Carlon, who went back to Park.
And they had a lot of London in London and they were struggling, but he had the enough enough to face them, and at the end of it it had to be able to focus on London in London who won up.
And just a few years later, we had the first use of the front of the fragile and the balloon of the metal -- like the metaphor.
Most of the people think it's limited.
It is not that it is for a definition of the freedom of experience.
But in order to show you how words and political politics -- I want you to come back to the United States, just after the innovation.
So, they had to open the question of how to call George Washington, his leader leaders.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a relative country.
This was based on Congress for a long time.
They took all kinds of places that might have been free.
Some of them wanted to call it "The Sandin State and others -- "Hey Arthur Garden Wall -- and other Lesses of the United States.
Not very attention.
Some of them just wanted to call them "The "Girls "Stare called.
They thought it was a quality of life.
And not even with it were money, they had the idea that you could be exploring Red for a decades for a decades.
And it could be survival.
The whole world gets strange, because this debate was made for three weeks.
I got the day of a poor sea, and I always write with this term."
And what you cut up and the death was that the camera of Researchers was against Singapore.
The Campaign Cambridge did not want anyone to get out of power.
They don't want to call it the realm for if I went up to him or their own ideas.
So I wanted to give you the most modern talent, more significant and more likely to be happened.
And that talent was "Partners.
President. They didn't invented the title -- but there was just before, but it just means somebody who was a record.
It was like the press of a shoe.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term of the term or "The "The "The "The "The "companies?
There were exceptions of small collections of small collections and governments of government, but it was really a meaningful terror.
And that's why the state is used by it.
They said, "You can't call it Progress.
So this guy has to be able to deal with them and bring up with the self-controlled distances.
And who would take it in serious with a slide and it turns out as Princeton America."
And finally, after three weeks of detail, the Senate didn't know.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find it, the state has never been reported by the Talk of Project.
The President Bangladesh Bang has a lot of going to go out there, hope that the state between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a message is terrible,   -- you can be able to wait 250 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and this is the most important thing that I want to leave you, is that the President of the United States of the United States does not sound in so modern today -- right?
At all, if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to available -- the largest economy of the world and a flower of red visions and so on.
The reality and the story has gone up to the grandmother of the big thing.
So at the end of the end of the Sun.
They got his team of responsibility.
And also the other worry of the Senate, the supply of silence, well, it was a station for then.
But what do you know how many bacteria have you been present for this?
And everything because they want to be like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
And so at the end of the Sun Game and the camera of Research first, because no one is going to feel human when you tell them that they're now the U.S. Project.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn -- and what I would like to leave you.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to give it and control the reality -- but really, the reality is much more much more than the words that they could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to a half of them under the land of Google.
The air is captured of heat and popular and it is hard to reduce it.
I feel the root of body bodies in the car, but I can't see much more.
So I hear you are talking to me, but about all of that of all of the magic threats and pieces of paradigm with private tools.
As the other people, it takes a little bit of light light on the head with this super-experience station, and I can be able to deal with the areas that they hold the words of that hole of a feet that takes hundreds of feet in the Earth.
And it came up with my hand and suddenly I remember a way that I met days before, that I lost the control.
And as I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that guy who will make their lives without paying their lives without responsible and often die.
I went out of that honor and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from science.
In the last 24 years I was doing national culture culture in six countries, and in 2007, I had the great honor of being the only experience in the South Park of Valley.
In all of the incredible people I met there I met on a picture of Park Steven, a NGO that has been allowed to reduce modern screen.
So we started talking about science and I really started learning about science because I knew that there was in the world, but not to be so big.
When we ended up talking to me very wrong, I was able to be able to get up this idea of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how much people don't do you know?
And I was made a number and weeks later, and weeks later, I came back to the London to know the Diamona Drama to the Sandan State and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern screen.
Compassion, I had been in many of these places.
Some of my second home.
But this time, you will come back to the streets here.
And a conflict control says that there are more than 24 million people are living in the world.
It is the twice of the amount of African Africans during all the trying to be able to be transported by the whole thing about the whole transportation.
A hundred years ago, the cost of a advanced school was about three times the high wall of the U.S.
The equivalent of a couple of dollars.
However, today you can choose in the whole families in order to get the engineers of 1950s in 1950.
Sure support, the screen will be many of more than 10 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of them have been associated with a good education of good education and better work to find that they are forced to work without pay -- under violence of violence and they can't write it.
So today the supply is on the company, the good products are going to be value -- but who produce them are destructive.
The screen there is almost all the world and yet, it's enough around the world.
In India. In India, I met the horses of landscapes.
This strange special and food was like to go to the ancient Egypt or the Design of Dangia.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, women in fact, in fact, all of the things in fact, in fact, familiarity families in a lot of police, and they put them into a lot of police in their head, until 18 to the time, and they take them out of the antibiotics in the shoes that are to hundreds of meters
It defends by the morality and the context work in a sense, doing this task over and over over 13 or 17 hours a day.
There were no countries to eat -- not to get up, and the destruction would be made out of it was pretty interactive.
As soon as they were the heat and the power that my camera became too close to the size and left to work.
Every 20 minutes I had to go up to the car to clean the team and make it work with the air and make it work to send it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera has a much better treatment than these people.
And I came back in the hours I wanted to get to you but the arm that I was to my side. I really love me and said, "Man: don't do it. You don't do it.
And I got very clearly to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me.
I couldn't be able to figure out any digital help.
I couldn't give you money, anything.
I was not city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already there.
I had to trust the Sandands and work inside the system for his line and I thought they will get it.
At the time to me, I hope to get home to feel my heart surgery.
In the Harvard, I found children who are going to be able to get fish for miles for miles for motivations that would expect down.
Those big plants were more similar than the kids who were able to put them and the children are going to get them to their heads with their heads made out of words and computers and cards.
It is hard to share something so abstract.
How can we focus on something that is, but so considerably?
Some of you don't even know that they're scales -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day, because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything with what to buy it.
When these lights came up with their freedom -- the schools were born their home.
When the word word is often we often think about sexual traditional and because of this global concept to me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Kenya, I was looking at women who had been probably sexually scared.
And they took me for a little bit of anthropologists who were going to get this dark state, of a financial light.
It wasn't exactly a book.
It was a little bit more good.
And responsible, as you know in the office -- they are local for the force perspective.
They have small room.
Every single point is dark and surgery, it turns out by a number on the wall and designed by a biology.
The workers often have sex access to the hands of their colleagues in their colleagues in their colleagues of them.
On the fish in the phone, I remember there would be a sense of an early airplane and at that point, I could be able to imagine what it should be going to be going to be transparent in that information.
I just had a substance, the schools where I went in.
There were no trials there.
There were no enough enough enough to bring it out.
And those people don't have surgery, and because we took a very difficult issue -- it's important to know that science, even the sexual traditional -- it happens to our around.
There are hundreds of people who are scared in adult, in terms of distance -- and the list can be able to get it.
In fact, the New York Times increases that between 100 and 300 thousand American children are sold every year as a sex scales.
It happens by down, but we don't see it.
The text is another activity that we often reduce with the hand.
And I came up with them in which there were huge families in which there were huge families in the share of the sea.
This is a family.
The hands of black are from the father -- the blue teams and red of your children.
And then they move together in these big bacteria in these big bacteria and support it in the light to the all, but the task is a task.
My interview told me their stories.
We don't have the books -- they said.
We said, "We could be able to go out of this house one day and go to another place where we really pay our work to us.
You know, there are more than 400 children in the Valley Lab, the largest artificial land in the world.
When we came up, I went to take a quick view.
I saw what it seemed to be a piece of fish in a bank, two older brothers -- some more young children -- it makes sense isn't it?
Audience: They were all scales.
The kids are supposed to be supposed to be supposed to work out and work to work together in these bacteria in the lab, despite not to know anything.
This child has eight years old.
When our boat was going to be supposed to be supposed to be supposed to be supposed to be supposed to be supposed.
I was based on the fear of the water.
And the blood rocks of the strange trees in the Lab Village often open areas and children, and with kids, they get up to the water to detect the balls.
Many of them are going on.
Since remember, it's always been used to work on the land.
On the fear of his love is not going to go up, and as all life has been treated with critical, I usually treat the most young schools under their way.
I met these guys to the five of the morning, when they took the last networks -- but they had been working from the one.
In the night night and version.
And I heard that these areas spend more than 400 miles when they are tens of fish.
I want to introduce you.
King was recorded in a village village village in a line.
I met it in a record in which the Salan Saturn is the sales of the screen.
King support the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make the difference in your life?
I put up for a cartoon in Google with the South States with the South States, a brilliant company with his own point of solve and survived our car and I took the video.
It asked us to follow it for a land of land to the sun.
At the end of the way, he was invited to get out of the car, and I asked him to go out and ask it to come up with.
And then I'm going to look at this state and he said, "This is the way -- and he said, "This is the way. Let's go on.
As we began to go down, we were able to go out and go out and walk out about a hour and after walking up about a hour and then we found the way that the way was taken by the proposals -- so I put the pictures of pictures on my head as we get out in these water to the air.
After two hours of shape, the next way I ended up on a case, and we had a piece of holes that I could hear in a food field and all of them were full of scarces of strangers.
A lot of women had children who had children who were looking at their states, and as they look at the game, they were going to work in water waters.
The memory is used in the process.
These women are standing in a piece in another part of Google.
When they came out of the poor they were based on their own substance.
I remember that I looked at their eyes, strangers, because many of them had been under land for 13 hours.
Polices have until 90 feet and these people who are coming up with a piece of fish that then would be transformed to another area in which you would make the skin to be able to get the grandfather.
First of all, the site seems to be full of strong men and visions, but if we look at more than close to the sea we see the other ones and as well.
They are all values of researchers, diseases and violence and violence and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to end up like this vision of the telescopes and the increase in a few years.
This is Man.
And when you die his one, Man has the decade of what I force it to be scaled in the hands.
When I met it, I had worked in the middle 14 years and the legitimate of the legs that you see here is a product of an access in the way, so thank you that doctors would say that it should be a present.
In addition to that, Manhattan has terrorists and not pretty much to that, it's forced to work night and day in that way.
Even so, he goes out to be free and education with local activity help like Park States and it's this kind of detail, of face to a remote possibility -- what I really inspired me a lot of answer.
I want to take light on the screen.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will be able to take them out of them.
I certainly believe that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it makes it very hard to take things like science.
These images are not record. They're from people, and they are real people, like you and like me, that you can show the same rights -- digital and answer in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think that I don't think about these many beautiful people, managed to have the great honor of knowing it.
I hope that these images are starting a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to get a force and that that force red light on the screen because, without that light -- the ball of science can be able to live in the shares.
Thank you very much.
And I do a political material -- and there's a little problem for who it does -- we are like the consumer consumers.
No one knows what we do.
So today I'm trying to try to explain what I do.
This is one of the most human activity.
It shows us the violence of the screen.
But the ball is given an extraordinary transportation, a high level of destruction and probably a little bit of strange ancient that can have a genetic behavior.
So slowly, the neurons like the wrong of Partie are actually doing this extraordinary ability -- as I do it with my friend James San San, that in his time, it was a vision to get out of blog.
In the last few years, it has been made a lot in the treatment.
However, there are three million people in the world that are synthetic and they have to deal with a device to democracy, brain, religion and other symptoms of this disease -- so we need to have the basic tools to detect the disease before it is too much.
We need to be able to measure the product of the basic way, and the only way that we know if there really is a car to be when we have an object and carbon.
But it is front that for the Parkinson's particles and others of the movement of the movement there are no biological weapons -- that's why they don't get the blood animals and the best thing that we have is a neuroscience of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a cell to do it. It's very, very expensive -- and that means that it was the clinical trials -- they never do. It's never done.
And what if the patients could do it at home.
That will save a hard journey to the climate -- what if the patients could do the extra themselves.
You don't need people.
By the way, it costs about 300 percent in the nuclear culture.
So what I want to test you as a way to try to try and try to try and try and try and try to try -- in some sense, we are all violent as my friend Japanese San.
So this is a video of the vision of the local bodies.
It shows somebody else as you can talk about, we can imagine as a bank of a local blog because we have to make all those local resources to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the Ford, for example.
And as the ball, it requires a level of extraordinary training level.
We think the time that leads to a child learn to talk about.
On the sound of the sound -- we can take the position of the local bodies as they came up, and as the Parkinson's affect the extraordinary, also affect the local resources.
And in the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of shared shift from the local bodies.
We see the same way.
It would be volunteer, shifting and religion.
The device becomes more strong and advanced after a roof, and this is an example of the symptoms of it.
So how do you share these experiences based on the voice with the speed of the specific clinical consumers -- so both of them are not invention.
The neuroscience is not invisible -- both of us use the exciting infrastructure of it.
It's not needed to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
And both of them are presentations. Okay, but you can see the experiences based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be advanced.
They do very quickly about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are a mountain and we all know what happens.
When something takes a very low cost -- it goes to the magic scale.
These are some incredible metaphors to get out.
We can reduce the diversity of patients.
I would not have to go to the color for the carbon character.
And with a high high factory we could get basic data.
We could be able to make a lot of low cost for clinical transportations, and for the first time, short strengths to the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first millions of disease before it is too much.
So when you give the first countries in that sense, we are taking the visual Indian Indian Indian.
And I went back to Allen and Palestinians, we want to get a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to open up these objects and begin to get up with them.
We have local lines for about 5,000 million people in the world.
You know, with or Paris, you can call it down to the price and let me go down for a few cents -- and I would make me sure that we've already taken a percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.      And I took all of these shows from all of these shows -- we say 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What would you get out of these shows?
Mark Linket, yes, what happens is that during the call you have to increase if you have or not the disease -- Thank you.
MR: You see, some people can not spend it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very large show of data that is a very big data in different circumstances, and do it in different citizens is important because we're looking for the factors of trust in looking for the real machines of disease.
HG: Do you have 90 percent of pressure at this time?
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student Telescope, I have to put it up, has done a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, which is what the project. Now we have about 99 percent of it.
FBI and nine and nine and again. Well, it's a better.
MR: Of course, of course.
HG: Thank you very much.
MR: Thank you, I took it.
And before I went out of 2010, I made pictures in New York City.
We are profound creatures -- graphics.
We're going to be on the dark -- in four of them without visions, and by the way, we would make the solar light.
We do the models that are going to be more finished, the perfect skin -- the perfect skin is still more likely to do the matter -- possible and some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience with many years of experience and a real thing for the images and the picture.
The 11 percent of 2010, I saw from my house -- like the rest of the world, the events that happen in Japan.
A few time later, an organization where I was volunteer, there was the Laboratory Volandon, was in the place working as a part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other voices we knew that we could not be sitting in home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
The 14 percent of the older went to English.
This is a small village of fish in the principle of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are associated by the ground.
And the level of water water took over 24 feet of advanced and more than three miles land inside it.
As you can imagine, the village was stopped.
We went out and we went out of the cars and the cars.
We read schools -- we went out and we leave the ready and we left the ready and relatively relatively.
We were able to take them up and take a little bit of fish and death of the local force.
And we got it and so on.
For weeks -- so many of them as the benefits found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of pictures and cars and cars and careers and careers.
They all did the same thing.
You will take them into different places of the people around the ones to get them.
It wasn't until that I realized that those pictures were involved by a huge part of the people that those people had happened.
As they get out of the room, and to save their lives, they had to take absolutely everything they have.
At the end of my first week I started to help it in a center of the village of the people.
He helped to clean the computer balls in the business balls, blood gas.
This place it turns out to be also the place of the village where the power center is going to get the pictures of the picture.
And there were them and I had the time that that day is going to be able to get me in me to clean the pictures in my hand.
This was exciting and inspired -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the homes, but it was not until I was going to bring me up my homes that something happened.
When you look at the pictures -- I found some people who were more than a hundred years old, some of them were still in the lab -- I could not avoid to think about how to bring up that mouse and reduce the street and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook with some of them, and at the next morning the answer was so abstract and positive -- I knew we had to try it.
So we started to solve the pictures of it.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strong, but where the water had decided the face of the girl had to go up with a lot of pressure and designer.
On the other way, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as traditional as having the strange picture.
With the step of the time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more relationships so that I went back in Facebook and Linket and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were used to help.
And at the time of two weeks I had 150 people who had to join us.
In Japan in Japan -- we move to Robert, a version to the North Marine.
Once we were in the week we used our scale in the biological photographs that had been used -- where people were going to get their pictures out.
The time that they were going to do that is a different story -- it depends out of the bottom of the pictures of the picture.
I could imagine a hour -- I could imagine week.
I could imagine months.
And this guy had to be able to deal with the hand by using how the areas of the areas and the water there was no water.
I took a long time.
The water discovered all these pictures out in water water, and it was still with artists, and it will even go up with access to the step of the time with the country of the time to be able to do that, for that to give them to hand was a important part of the project.
We could not solve the picture at least that I was listening, and he would have been recorded by his own.
We had a little bit with your hand.
We know with the government of a self-confused network.
It is very easy to give them even more than the pictures already down.
As he said once once once said, the leader of my group is how to make a task.
You can't eat shoes.
And the woman who brought us these pictures had a lot in relationship to the pictures of them.
I had started to put them up and get it out of it, but it turns out to realize it even more.
I also had destructive.
And without them, the images of his wife and his own face would not be able to be able to be able to solve the images in a single picture and reduce the whole picture.
When he came back their pictures changed something about their story with us.
A few colleagues of his wife found the pictures in a strange room between the pretty far age of where it used to be his house, but their colleagues recognize it.
And the day of the telescope, his husband was the carbon of close to the ball.
He had to go into the water while the sensors were sure.
Their small children -- not so small now, but their two children were in the colleagues in different colleagues in different colleagues in different colleagues in colleagues in different colleagues in colleagues in different colleagues in colleagues at all.
One of them was taken in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he took her pictures his picture of the least 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do something that he could go back to look at something that he could remember from the past that I could not have been killed by that day when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan hundred months, they had been used to there are a lot of hundreds of them to help us go down in the more than 17,000 pictures -- the vast majority --  -- most of them came back to hands of their own.
More than 500 minutes of all the world helped us back to 90 hundred families of completely high pictures and resources.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 in team and materials -- most of them in order to design.
We take pictures that are constantly.
A picture is a picture of someone or something, one place, a relationship -- someone wanted to be doing.
They're general from our resources and stories -- the last thing that we would take us, but the first thing we will go back to look for.
And this was the project of the project, to get small pieces of humanity to come back to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to someone -- you know, a huge difference in the life of the person that you need it.
This project also made a big difference in the lives of the relationships.
And some of them told them with something bigger -- to get something to be used by something that are not the models of perfect skin signals.
To end up I would like to read this electric corner. I sent it the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I came up, I couldn't avoid to think about people and stories showed in the images.
And a particular, a picture with women who are a picture with women from the grandmother to the small girl -- you get around a baby -- I met me, because a similar picture of my family -- my mother, my mother, my mother, and my daughter was born in our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.
Dan Earth will be inspired by a lot of a picture of a based of a bacteria that takes a market in an example of just a million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go to a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a thousand billion or a billion dollars per second.
I put them a new kind of photograph -- the factory, a new technology that can create video videos of light in movement.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the bears, beyond the line line or see the inside of the body without using the 20th century, and they challenge the idea of camera.
So if I take a strange state and put it up and put it up in a little bit of second or it is, in several seconds to create a set of pictures of a little bit about a mile of a mile.
And that picture of pictures -- that bank, to travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bank.
If we take that bacteria and this picture of pictures and we would show them in this boat -- how are those pictures inside this ball?
What is the aspect of light in light camera?
Now, all of this --    remember that all of this happens in less than a second is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times later so that you can see light in movement.
Cartop did not take this research --  There are a lot of things in this film -- to find this information to show what is going on.
And the police, our bacteria, in the boat with a picture of pictures that start to get up and go in, and it starts to deliver.
And part of the light is forget, it goes to the table, and we started to see these institutions.
Many of the pictures finally come to the shoe and then explain in several direction.
As you can see, there is a piece of air that comes back in the interview.
At that time, the waves travel for the table and because of the resources of the top of the top is looking at the bottom of the ball, after several of them, that the resources will get up.
Now, if we take a common beautiful and we do it to go back and do the same distribution and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times, how much people think we would take us to see that movie?
A day? A week?
It would be a very short film --   from a bank line in movement.
And what about trying to try to do with death?
You can see the waves that they get out of the table, and the wall of the wall.
This is how to bring a piece in a seat.
It's the way that nature is a picture -- I thought, from a factory at the time, but of course, our eyes see a completely interesting computer.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that as the light is able to get out of the temperature -- it's still completely.
Why? Because the issue is magic and the red light in his interest and it comes back to the back of several trillion seconds of second.
In the future, when this factor is in their mobile lives, they're going to be able to go to the top and make sure if the fragile is many of them without having to get it.
So why do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographs, you know, if we take a picture to the experience -- a very little light.
But we're going to take a billion times faster than the most expensive except -- so you will just go into some light.
We took that based on, and we went back and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over a very high sensitive, we take those data, and we took them completely to create those factors that I showed you.
We can take all of those data data and make them interesting way.
You can fly it out.
Other guys can come back.
And if a new power of a solar future is allowed to see after the penguins?
The idea is that we could bring a light on the door on the door -- record, go to the room, one part is going to be recorded in the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could get out those magnificent relationship of light.
It's not science science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our factory.
So behind the wall there is a market and we're going to solve light in the body.
And after the population of our article in National Community.
And a small fraction of the pictures will come back to the camera but carefully, in moments of different.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our failure, our failure, it has only unique capacity to it.
It has very good technology and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the doctors up to the door and also to the survival objects but we don't know what it looks like.
When I was going to try to write a picture of a picture in Brazil, that, you see in the screen. It really doesn't have any sense.
But we take a lot of images like this, and we are going to take them up and try to make them up and try to add the relative relationships of light, and with that, we can see the opportunity object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our resources.
We have things to explore this from the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be constraint with what you're going to come back to the collection.
Or we could look for services in dangerous conditions looking at the light for the open visions.
Or we could build able to be able to look at the inside of the body and be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at it, and the same thing for the characters.
But of course, there is a pretty difficult thing, so this is pretty difficult -- so this is actually a piece to scientists so they start thinking about factory as a new model of violence to solve the problems of images in the next generation.
This is how Dan Earth, he was a scientist -- he became a science in art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we're going to get every time is not just for scientists, but we can.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with a legal and code camera.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion seconds of it.
But here also happens something fun.
If we look at the streets under the shoe, these are for us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we are working almost to the speed of light -- we have strange effects -- I would have heard of this picture.
The order of the order that happens the events in the world sometimes seems to go into the camera.
It will apply the definition of space and time -- we can go up with this device.
It's already time. Thank you.
Home. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change the life, and you give you individual light.
With a cell can make a company against humanity in Santa.
With a cell you can take a message and start a program in Europe.
With a cell you can be able to write a song -- I would get it to Saturn and make a famous thing.
All of this is possible with a movement.
I am an 1980s and I lived in the city of Berkeley.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were born in looking for a change.
This is the 19th of 1998, imagine if all these people who are providing in looking for a change, they had a cell in the back.
Who on the present people have a movement here?
Let's leave them.
They leave their mobile mobile movies, letter.
Let's leave them, a Boston, a Boston Gulf.
It's a lot -- almost all of you today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell and how I changed life.
I'm talking about this.
These are 35 lines of information.
And data in front of it.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2010, the Community of the U.S. was a distance.
The Design of Darwinians.
And this slide says that every European phone company -- each of the Internet.
Who I call who I was going to send an image to who, who sent up a emotion.
Who sent him a text to who, who sent him a text to who, who sent him a text to it.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information is made by at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or his product of the Internet.
And in the whole Europe, people were used and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data.
We want to be able to go into a digital age and we don't want the temperature to get all this information on all this information about us.
There were artists, stations, substances, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see a thousand people who came back to the streets of Bill and said, "Let's be string.
And some even said that this would be the State 2000.
The State was the secret police of Germany Archiver.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you make all this information about us?
Every time I use the movie?
And so I asked me to my telescope, Darwin Telescope, who was at the time that was the largest public phone of Germany, which please send me all the information that they had about me.
And I asked them once one time, and I went back to ask them, and I did not have a conflict answer -- it was all robotics, bad.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to give them a strange democracy because I wanted to have this information.
But Denter Telescope said no, we don't get this information.
By the end of the end, we take a record.
And I would go back and go back and send me the information that I asked me.
As long as so much, the Congo Construction of the invention of the landscape of the design of the U.S.
So I got this phenomenon on a cortex with a CAPTCHA.
And in the CO2 there was this.
Trade and five thousand characters of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge artist. Okay.
But after a time I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this article.
It was a little specific, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm going to see the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it happen.
Because I want to show you the people what the data is.
So, along to Zeria Nigeria and John Carity -- we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can go back and go back, go back and go back.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I'm going to see what I am in front of Collider, and with what it is to call it in the tradition.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
Then I call me some friends and they call it between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communities.
You can see how their people are community between what time you call each other to each other -- what time you go.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who I talk to who, who was going to get an image to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information gets at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Bernan, in the 19th century, they had a cell in the back.
And the Earth would have known who in this program -- and, if the Earth had known who the leaders were -- this had never happened.
So every single Moon of Bill may never have happened.
And at the way, it is not the every from the Congo Council.
Because today we have the state and the companies want to make so much information of us as possible in and outside the website.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to get them forever.
But the authority and living in the age was not a control.
But today you have to fight the authority.
You have to fight for that to a day.
When you go home to his friends that the practice is a value of the 21st century, and it's not going out of the way.
When you go home, it leads to your represent that only because the companies and the state industry can make some information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you think about their phone company -- what information is going to get from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile molecules that are going to remember that they have to figure out that they have to figure out that they have to fight the authority in the direction.
Thank you.
Hollywood TED, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hollywood TED, what happened?
And I call me Mars Zarrow and I'm not going to, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different direction.
As a result -- I have a brain, so I get all the time.
Look at it.
It is a magnificent. I'm like a metal member.
And Mary Alex.
Performance.
It's not aware of it or you can't find it.
No one makes my mother out of my mother and not my parents because my parents were present beautiful, even though they are.
It just happens by actions, like what happened to me.
Now, I'm going to give you, I am not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present people.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, you've wanted to be destroyed.
We're going to go out of it.
So Vietnam Country, are you in the commercial center -- do you do in the critical citizens, and what do you do?
16 visual places for destructive.
And they think, "Oh, I can be at least a little bit of designers?
And I say, I have 99 problems -- and the Pennetium.
So there is a collection of the conservation, I would take the game medical.
I am a politics, multiple, woman and living in New Jesus.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park California, in New Jesus.
I always found me that my baby and my disease had the same.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York City.
A lot of people with brains are not walking up, but my parents don't believe in the can't be able to do it.
So my father was, "You can do it -- you can do it for me to do it for me.
If my three older sister singing came up, I listened.
So if my three older sister men went to public school, my parents were going to the public system, and they would make sure that I also went out, and if we didn't get all of the most famous note we all had my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years to put my targets in their feet and just walk out.
Another theory that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that I got it.
The subject that I took inside it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the face of interviews was working as a correct company that has received a lot of corruptions.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 back, and they keep being all of the family.  I think no one realized that we were not interested.
And this was before it was in the 1980s and that the politicians would think to be used by "The metaphorical memories as a campaign line.
The people who grew up didn't have problems with my face.
It was not pretty much -- it seemed to be a lot to be able to tell me a lot about men during the road.
And I told them that I had enough enough to live three months in order to eat -- so you will help us be able to be able to get it up is very easy.
Basically in Brazil.
Yeah, in Brazil.  And my parents couldn't pay the physical temperature -- so I went to the school school.
And I learned to break out with the tests, or I can walk out with them.
I am from New Jesus, and there we want to be a girl, so if my friends used to be used -- I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the vision of saw in the cost of Japan, I didn't work.
I spent my virus in a war of war, because my parents were that if we didn't go back to Party all of them -- we become Marine.
And in the virus of summer to often my father were trying to sit up, so I would put my father out of it, and I would put me up in the Marine Marine, and I remember that the water, and I remember that the water was looking at my eyes and I thought, "I work.
But the microbes was the airplane.
I have to say that it's very surgery, but before I make a shoe of supply that I couldn't put out of the story -- I couldn't put it out of the surgery.
And now I can get on the head.
My parents came up with this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible -- and my dream was to be in the Humbering hospital.
I went to the universe that I went to the position and I got a bank for the United States, University of the state of Arthur -- because I was in all of them.
It was like the top of the team of the test detail.
They all loved me.
I did all of the ones of the less smart -- I took the normal note in my class, and also in their class.
Every time I did a scale of the critical correct of my teachers came up.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, I decided to make a work called Bangladesh Valley in Japanese.
This is a work of a girl with brain parts.
I was a guy who was a little girl with the brain.
So I started to go to the four videos, "The end will have a paper?
I have strange presentations.
At the end of the book.
Thank God police, at the end I'm a book.
I did not get the role --  They gave him to Steve Brazil.
I was going to be able to be able to go back to the direction of the team -- they would be able to go up to the distance of the team -- as if someone had killed my face, to ask me why and she told me that because they would believe that I could not make the risk scale.
And I said, "Wow, if I can't make the risk schools -- you can't do the period of the period of the performance.
It was a role for the one who literally had been born and they gave it to an act with no brain.
The universe was making my life.
Hollywood has a state story to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to depend destructions for destruction.
By the way, I came home, and my first act was as a station in a telescope.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a company of "companies to "The "Big friend of a situation.
Instead, I was there as a card, I didn't see it more than the one, and it was evidence for me that the designers are not going to be advantage actions, not white actions, and they don't have deadly.
They just had perfect people.
But there were examples to the rules.
I grew up looking at George George, Roseton Bang, San, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were statistics.
And so I made me human.
And in my first girl I took a lot of New York from New York at New York at New John to New Jersey, which led up when I went into the realize that I was going to high speed for the Australia of New Jesus with a condition that had a brain professional.
I worked in clinics of all the United States, and also in the Bangalore in the next one, without the collection and not sea.
Some people say I'm the first mountain of the world.
I never like to close the first place, but I know that they never heard that little survival survival that says that women are not fun.
In 2007, my sister of another mother and father -- Denter South, and I took the Festival of the New York in New York -- now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the University in the media media and at the same time to remind them to the distances of report that survive and battery are not feeling as well.
It was going to go to the robots was much more easy than fight against the challenge of the democracy.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as I went into the program of the news by car because of Kenya Sandand.
I started as if it went to a grandmother battery, and I was sent to a study and they sat in a street chair.
I looked at the direction and I said, "How can you give another state?
She looked at me and he said to me and he said, "Hey, four, three, two, two, two, two, two, two.
And we were in life.
So I went up to the price of the present to not go out of the screen during the station, and when I ended up the interview, I was playing.
At the end of my opportunity I had my opportunity and destruction. I knew they're not going to go back into it.
But not only the Mr. Japanese went back to send up, but I was like a little bit of time and I went to my scale.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Kenya Kanzania was that people in the Internet are start.
It says the kids are creative, but you never get away from me or a little bit of money.
And suddenly my design in the Internet became an object of surgery.
And I look at the lines in line like, "Why do you be striking?
Is it record?
And my favorite factor, and my favorite balloon.
What does it do?
We should really go out for it."
And a strange structure was even going to be able to add my detail to my curiosity, collection, signals, political.
It's just as visual as the robot.
If someone in the shoes can't make Bernano completely, then Bill can't make someone in the shoes of robots.
The designers are the thing, yes, and they go on.
The designers are the largest mother in the world, and the most represented in the world of the entrepreneur.
The doctors would say it would not walk up, but I'm here in front of you.
However, to have grew up with the media media -- I don't think it was.
I hope that we can actually create more positive images of the drug in the media and in the continuous life.
Maybe if there would be more positive images -- that would be less supportive in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very specific places.
I got to walk through the red shoe for the distance of the Telescope Telescope and the Congo Laughter Constitution.
I got to act in a film with Alexander San and work with my pain -- the incredible Manhattan Mars.
I remember the world spending the boards have become a computer bees.
I was destroyed in a lot of the great state of New Jesus in the University of 2008.
And I ended up "The God of Mandela, a baby organization to give the children a little bit of a part of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act in life, and I gave it this talk to his memory to it.
(Audience: Park in peace -- passenger."
I call Mars Zarticle, and if I can, you can too.
I would like to tell you a story about a little kid of a small people.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little village to the South State.
This village is about Mars.
The surface goes up to the little village to the poverty and the back of the individual.
No nothing for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mariner, the capital of Saturn.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, and there is no work.
He was going to live in the city in the city to the outside of Mars.
After a year later, anything.
One day is about a guy who needs to take it to get up, and then I was going to be able to be able to get up, and then I would get out.
It knows a group of people, which gives him a design.
I got a little bit of money so that it was a new money to get back home, to their family.
They present a young people.
I finally went home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Manhattan, under a blue sky.
That little child of that little village of the great city was the substance temperature, and that digital group of people were to the State, a typical organization with the America.
So how do the story of a little girl trying to get their dream on the city end with him with him with him and helps?
He was waiting for him.
I was waiting for an opportunity to start to start their future, waiting for a future, and this was the first thing I got to it.
This was the first thing that we call it from what we call the species of species.
And his story is going to be related to them around the world.
This is the story of the markets, young proposal organisms that are destroyed in Japan, they were destroyed in London in London, which will look for something beyond the "Statistic post."
For young people, the process of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- and the young people don't participate in the product of their cities.
And it's often the fact that I would get out of the most high states of democracy.
For 2010, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the speed of species, the death of access to the tradition, to violence -- to the violence, will be the story of the 20th States.
And in my national city, Mars, 70 percent of the young people are demonstrated.
70 percent don't work, not going to school.
They don't make anything.
I went back to Marine last month and I went to visit the Marine Man: the hospital where I was born.
I remember to be before that hospital.
And if I had seen it to be in that same "but "Stare-security?
would I have become the terrible?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Marine that month was actually to bring up a few young leaders in a company company.
It goes back to about 90 percent leadership leaders.
We sat up and we had a set of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alex.
He was at the University of Manhattan -- it was graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graphic college -- democracy, front of it was the perfect white for Steven Street and other terrorists to be record.
They look for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Montana, the biggest opportunity to get from the point to the Boston is the street.
And seven years of civil war have completely discovered the visual system, and a molecule can be the most easy way to move up.
And I saw an opportunity and the application.
It started a computer company company.
It began to get motivation to the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 minutes, with the help of their family and friends, and his dream is at some point to explore hundreds of moments for the next three years.
Why is this different.
What do you do to this different history.
I think his ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
This is the company -- and I think that the emergency spirit can be the most powerful tools against the "Statistic post.
It allows young people to be the creation of the economic opportunities that are looking at so distributed.
And you can train the young people to be emotional.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my relationships, Mars Moore's a flower.
I was helping some of the young people in the front of the company and how it will be interested and how to create a culture of the company of the company in the company of the company.
In fact, it is the first flow that Rome has seen in over 24 years ago, and until a little bit of Manhattan came up, if you wanted to find them for your nation, we used to go out of service from the extraordinary.
If you ask somebody to ask somebody who was the last time you see failure flowers?
For those of you who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No.
So Mary saw an opportunity.
It started a company of proposition and functional design.
I created a picture in the outside of Mars, and he started to grow together and lights, which as he said, they could be able to survive the middle of Mars.
And I started the end of flowers for shorts, by creating shorts in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first public part of Mars in 24 years.
There are no public patients in Marine.
It wants to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together, and as he says, I will go to the proposition of it.
And by the way, he doesn't be confident because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspired the young people, and in that room, the President of Mars had a really deep impact in young people.
They had never thought about finding a business.
They had thought about working for a NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation actually had an impact on them.
I used to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I took them to believe that they could be companies, that they could be artificial of change.
For the end of the day, they had an individual solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
And they made the computer solutions for local problems.
So, inspired your young people and create a computer culture, it's really a big step -- but the young people need to make their ideas.
They need experience and engineering to get them in the development and put it in a lot of their business.
They connect your young people with the resources that they need to get the support that they need to go out of the connection to creation -- and they will create corruptions for the urban growth.
For me, the company is something else to start a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mary is not just going to be able to see flowers.
I think it's seeing hope.
His parts of the peace -- this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
And then they put kids out of the street to help to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to keep them and keep the moments for him.
I gave them the opportunity to go out of the paradigm of the speed of the species.
These emergency young people are having an impact in their cities.
So my goal is, they become the young people in terms of interviews, and they feed their interviewing innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks from the peace that boards and "Partners of species.
Thank you.
I had a couple of years old and I went up with my dad in the American Months, an area around the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun was made that the young people were going to be a visual -- and it's not going to be the way that we are, almost we can figure out that we were the first human beings to spend that Earth.
We come to our campaign.
It was a computer in an area with a beautiful land when I discovered something like this.
And behind the choice there was a bank, about four feet who were coming out with a couple of feet in order to be able to go up with a strange piece of paper paradoxists, and it was a old one.
And I was an ancient and I was very understanding and incredibly confidence.
The characteristics that were too much like to get out what they had brought up, who they thought I was going to leave your battery?
That question kept with me, and it's just a little bit.
Who clean our battery?
No matter as an organization or where do you put the "the "clusters out of the book in State in State?
Who clean our based on Rome or in Paris or in London or in London?
So here in New York City. The Design of Sandan Linket is going to be in the room of 11 tons of relationships and 2,000 tons of religious products every day.
I wanted to meet them as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What does it feel like to use the universe and take that car and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I travel in the shapes and it was going to go through people in office and researchers in the entire city, and I learned a lot -- but it was still a interview.
I needed to get more.
So I began to work as a bank record.
Now it didn't just go on the shoulders. I get them up.
And I was going to go up with metaphor and back the night.
It was a proposition and an amazing learning.
They all ask on the ocean.
It's there, but it's not as soon as you believe -- and in the days that it's very strong to be used to be very quickly.
It costs a lot of putting up to the floor.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies are going to go down to the weight of getting on their body tons all the week.
It's also the dangerous too.
And I agree with the University of Leonardo States, the waste of resistance is one of the most dangerous expensive states of the country, and I learned the reason for it.
You're going to go out and go into the traffic all day and go through your around.
They just want to happen -- so in general the conditions is not paying attention to it.
That's really bad for work.
And as well as it is full of designers that often get out of the way and they would make a terrible data.
And I also learned about the base of the back.
When you go out of the knowledge and you see a city from the back of the state, you can understand that the based is like a force of nature in yes.
I never stopped coming back.
It's also like a form of responsibility or circumstance.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the structure.
It seems to me that the structure is especially optimistic because I believe that the resources of resources are the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health.
If you don't get rid of the disease and effect every day, this starts to detect from their colleagues and their interviews are going into very real ways.
We had been built by decades and cells come back and start to give them to them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get away from the old thing, we have no space for what the members of the economy start to figure out when it is in the consumer consumer.
I'm not looking at the construction, just its relationship to it.
And then it is what I call our average speed that you need to.
With it I mean, I just mean the speed that we used to move in the context of it.
We often don't care about it, we don't have to take us out or take us up with us with us and we take our heart career, our ball of the shoes, our water.
We use them -- we took them up, we got them out of them, because we know that there is a work of work on the other side that will get out of it.
So today I want to give you a couple of ways of thinking about how you might be able to be able to reduce the structure and put them into that conversation about how to design a healthy and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literature.
They are in the street every day, in the radio way.
They use a force in many cities.
You know when you show them.
And his work allows us to do the us.
It's almost a form of advance.
The flow that keep us left with ourselves about ourselves, from our own devices, and that flow has always got to stay in a way or another.
And one day after 11 percent of the September of 2010, I heard the group of a team of a record rate of relationships on the street, and I went up to my little son, and I had a man doing a man doing their own piece of paper.
And I tried to be able to do her work that day in particular day, but I started to get up.
And I looked at me and I just looked at me, and he said, "We will be good.
We're going to be good.
A little bit after that, I started to invest the waste of resources and I went back to see that man.
It's called Paris, we work together and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our forces to remember the way we are in this planet as a species we need to include and have to have all the cost -- even the very real human cost of the urban hand.
And the mental waste -- what we think about when we talk about back, they represent three percent of the amount of records in the nation of the born.
This is a remarkable station.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see somebody who is working on the back of you, you take a moment to recognize them.
It takes a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the conversation of thinking about our community life form part of the environment where architecture is born from the conditions and local traditional traditional things.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
And so these projects are sitting in emotional countries -- one in Earth and the other in Technology.
They also share the fact that the different animals from different people become a special part of the end of architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an investment in order to design a company of a lot of several people in the capital of South America, Australia Boston.
This is the kind of building that we showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to do.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get the corner out of it.
After you see some of these buildings there are many of these buildings in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to get out.
In first, these buildings are almost values because they have very big in which people can't give the light to buy things.
Secondly, you need to make a lot of energy because of the report with critical generations in the interest -- so it's needed a lot of force.
In a city in which this should not happen because it's about a typical climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And in third place, your aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Europe.
It's a penguin trying to make a place that is so rich in culture and transportation.
In our first visit to Europe, I was really close with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small versions.
And there is also that idea of using public space to get extraordinary activity to make an extraordinary space.
And so I thought, that was what I really wanted to design -- not a compassionate center.
But the question was how to build a building model of a number of people, to apply these beginning.
The next challenge was present to the site -- which is used in a lot of a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it is also between two plastic streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets -- using all the inside of the building.
And this is going on with a interview antibiotic that I created a space to the air in the building that is advanced, for their own shape and the subject.
And around this space we have done the idea of the market with small business, which changes in every step because of the form of space.
I also thought, how would the building?
I wanted to find a solution that respond to local climate conditions.
And I put me to think about a similar tissue to a subject of ants to allow the inside of the air and also the light, but in a financial way.
Then we were inspired in these beautiful balls of the substances of the supply.
They have the front of the favorite gas and this helped me to move the factor.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the videos that are the videos that let me spend the air and the light in a way in the inside of the building.
This is completely with these little colleagues of color that use the light of the building in the building to explore the building for the night.
And with these ideas I didn't have easy to connect the development because they thought, "This is not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we asked for us.
But actually, we all realized that this idea of the market would be much more likely to be a lot more likely than the food center because at the end of the community there was more local to sell up.
And as the idea of the face was much more economic -- not only because of the material in compassion with the water, but also because it was no longer need to have a confidence to it.
So we get certain right now in the budget that we use to increase the project.
The first thing was to think about how to make the energy of energy for the building in a city in which electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big leader to put them into the character.
And then under those countries, we think about the car as a new public space with areas of relationship and banks that create this urban shoes.
And these parts in the car, that in the way, you get water for the services of the interview.
It was waiting for the next year, because we go through the top of the conversation.
The second example is a picture of about 2,000 degrees and services in the city of Titanic.
And to make a very big project, the biggest thing that I have designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Times, but also to their environment and the culture.
And during that animal I put special attention in the middle -- a structure of 100 years of an animal that was based on a death with a doctor with a little bit of access of access to almost recorders.
When I went to the place, the first notion of design that we did was to make the existing streets -- creating 12 simple statistics in size and constraints that there are in Bangladesh and other cities of Europe with these places.
In addition to that, we will be able to take some of the things in relationship to the idea of the ideas that are interested with right lines -- and this means the environmental model.
And the last choice was to think about the cells, the small cell of the project, as the approach, as a special part of the political plan.
And I thought, what would the best experience for a short change in the medical climate?
And it is normal, because I created a traditional difference between both side of the house and so much a nature.
So we put a shark that makes sure that most of them are perfectly optimistic in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost as a combination of the European book and the dark city.
It has these blocks with parts, and then in the bottom under the bottom we have all of the conditions for people.
And I also respond to the local rules that are going to be a greater difference in the top levels and a less design in the bottom under the bottom down.
And I also remember this idea of the door.
The show, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to reduce the community on the conversation.
It's where all of the benefits -- you can go and be able to go up and to make some of the things such as a couple of miles for the morning, or to get out of a building to another.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in emotional countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same rock that grow the building.
And for this reason, I see even more important to look for simple solutions for simple solutions -- which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment, and they have to be able to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl went to our class -- it was so remarkable -- as you see all the new girls in it.
I had a lot of a lot of performance and a little state of limits, clothing. It was supposed to be strong for the corruptions of the state.
And I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my single plan on.
One day I got a time after the school of school. It was a little bit, and I sat up in the book of the kids.
When the cost was determined, he went in, I went into the room room -- I took the table of my teacher the book of cars.
And then, I did.
And I add the cars of my radio, just a little bit, just a little bit of it.
All the stuff.  And I got to get the book to the corner, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a fragile, I cut the news around the world, without any imagination of the world.
I put all of them in front of me and myself and myself -- just to be there, because I can.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good to do.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I would never get up.
It's that everything was supposed to be supposed to be.
They never found me.
But about all, I found the reason why I was going to make me a little bit -- so small -- it was so good for robotics.
And I was interested in the cells.
They are so musical and so positive.
We know that babies are going to be carbon.
It also provides. The blue birds are very property.
We know that cells are the number one number of collections in the United States.
And yet, I have never seen a study that comes up with the substance, or the long distribution or the strangers.
So you have to go to the end, because the networks are like the lab in which the cells were studying in all of their possible.
In fact, I don't know if it's an explosion to say that if there would be no cells, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no team -- I would not have "Changing?
There would be no cell character, and you have no and a night.
There was no Sandan.
And they would describe the laws of high school, because we would be losing "The Rockett and the Forder and the Forder would have no "The "Fantastic or "Fantastic "Big Border and "The "Oh "Mannes Kara."
With no cells, there is no program. I know it's a way to say that soon has the answer for all, and in the centers of the cells, almost that they have it.
This year is about 100 years away from his work -- "I would look for the time of the piece of piece of physics, the most successful study of the sexual cells, and also what we could have --  and thinking about protect -- we have the sounds -- right?
We think about a child trying to trust the dream of it.
So we think about a lot of harm in you.
We forget about what that image is.
We forget about what it is.
I mean, this is about books that Vietnam Wall said were as hard as a galaxy trial.
I don't know how it is the garden track, but we guess it's supposed.
Let's look at why they go so well together and the characters and the cells and Program.
Is it a very obvious thing to be supposed to get up to the person -- to their desire to their institutions, are a basic national base station?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the equation, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel bad.
It's going to be at the same time and an audience -- we know exactly what you're going to go in, to run the cortex, right?
The cells do all of us all around us, and that's something that I grew up understanding it.
Everything that she does to give you a little bit to be able to go to the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, I grew up that every single case that San detect is going to be destroyed in their love, and they get it to their condition of high institutions in their private camera.
You have to add out that San and Progress, were just climbing.
You know, you know, the numbers of products would have to get the country, if they wanted to break out with him.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a hard work. Right?
The cells are advantage.
This is a human emotions -- you have to feed it.
And how are you the characters?
The cells get from information.
The cells use the details.
On the cells like the large amount of oil and the little line and a little bit of lights.
The cells have been made of the pictures of them.
This is why I think that Island is so successful --  I grew up a good language with the cells.
When San is in his air of cells, you know, I heard behind the door and survival to the services of their love, then I do those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is record, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or to look at a mountain on it.
He says, "It's the scientific researchers with real value value.
soon is trying to show that the cells are trying to show that the cells are going to look at it, but in their mind, they're search for the truth -- it looks at the truth of the truth -- a real device. In fact, what I had to do is, the more they continue the truth.
The distance, the pressure, the presentation, these were the goods to the proposition of Program.
He says, "You know, a woman who we need to do, that makes us a lot of a lot of feel much more profound and visual than a man knew that we can interest?
Is it telling us that we're going to look for workers creative?
No, I think it's trying to tell us that cells will get us to ourselves.
And there is some other environment that makes us open in this way so particular?
Is there any other environment to get us up with our animals, our own ambition and our right?
Does some of the other emotions that teach us how to look at it as a piece of performance?
I grew up writing about this more advanced.
One day, I grew up with a young young man who is connected to the idea that their woman would get it.
And I said that there was something strange in that man, which was not looking at what his wife did.
So she was interesting, everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under surgery without any cause with no country.
But he looked for things that did their wife -- without giving us a consequence of information.
Is it going to be a sense of really a man who is going to be a man with a man.
Freedom says that the man was becoming the course of your wife, of his wife, of his wife of it.
The news are very good at this.
The newspapers describe very well how cells do us to look at it with interest, but without present.
In fact, how much more constantly we are, we are more we become responsible for the fantastic.
And because of this reason, I think, cells are going to make us visual or electronics.
The cells are going to be able to share them in completely interactive ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in Michael 1950s was able to have created a favorite story in Facebook from the ones that were sent to the visual messages -- the homes to itself.
For a year. All a year.
She was trying to focus on the new notion of her experience -- I have to tell you that when or this, it turns out to advance.
Because we are true.
What enormous -- even though destroyed, right? Right?
It's kind of a notion.
As a New Hollywood Park.
High is one of my favorite family.
She is a very strange percent of the American line.
This is the car of "The "The "The "The "The "The "state in a Trick and "The Taliban Sea. It takes books that are trying to get our minds -- and once we are in the spirit -- and once we are in the special, the memory that would know what it might be, it can be perfect in an instrument.
Let's take Steven Richard, his most famous percent.
So I took Republic or want to want what you have to get out of your being and make sure what you ever had -- and it's under the weight -- and it's under your name -- it takes your advantages, you go up with your favorite controls.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the root of Tom Richard.
I can't give you all the way to all the world, as much as I wanted to.
This is a law, because we live in time in time.
We live in terms of cells.
I mean, we are good cities of social networks where the mountain is the medical income is it? Right?
The news show us the street? I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not safe -- when they are in a mission.
So let's go to 200 of Bangladesh Street and we asked Steven Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, I think about the magnificent paradox in the Marine Project, that cognitive genome of it.
But I've always been asked by the Research Research -- the surgeon face of Saturn Arthur that I need to Han Hollywood -- I need the general generation, but it will be moving.
Oh, it sounds so family.
Leadership needs their help -- but it turns out, and it turns out, and it was recorded in the each one of the microbes.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Allen Alexander of the six National Sands, once you go into all of them with their solution -- "Man comes back to Home and says, "We are not climates, Shakespeare Holes.
We're proud of you.
And he tells him that there is no person in South America who didn't want to take your hand.
It's one of the few times that we see in the story.
It seems to try to try and try to try and try to try to try and be a general problem.
You know, in a minute is the opposite side of Leonardo.
The next minute is the same side.
Of course, Leonardo is allowed to add that idea of being the response.
Could it be so simple.
What if the cells are really an issue of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship to the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the existence of the other.
We can get up with it.
But I like the control plants.
So as we hope that that country, we remember that we have the force to connect them.
And just the financial fight is charge.
The end used to have the distances, the invited to the table.
And look at what I add, the show of Leonardo, the Arab Talk Tower, the Sandan San, the Marine Marine Project.
We are in exactly company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 21st of Johnson 1990s, Bangladesh Alexander came out of the movie of the 1980s and I discovered about the sea of the Saturdha.
And Alexander and Alexander were used -- but their pressure in the surface of the surface was the combination of a collective process.
The American program was the biggest movement in time in the history of the United States.
In order to get to the Lab, NASA took a thousand billion dollars of today, or four percent of the front office.
The Australia was working at about 400 people and he asked the combination of 20 companies and college and the government.
They wanted people, including the tradition of the American one.
But before the Progress Progress finished, 24 men came to the Lab.
Danger was walking on his surface of the surgery of the American death the last year, is now the most antibiotics.
So why did they do?
They did not make a lot of it, 375 miles of old robots -- and something that the 24 would be able to make a new sense of the little sense of the little sense of our common home.
Why did they do? The key answer is that it was because the Kenya Kenya wanted to show the supply, that this born had better cars.
But the News words in the University of Richard in 1998, give us a better idea.
John Ford.
Why do you turn it into our arm?
And they could also ask, why would you take the most actual mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly on the Australia?
Why does it play Roseta against Technologies?
We were going to go to the Lab.
We were going to go to the Lab.
We were going to go to the Lab in this decade -- and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Japan Pollutor, for the controls, the Australia was not just a vision of the Earth on the Francisco War in the Francisco.
In the time, the most strong evolution was to make a lot of the transportation of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it.
The article in the London happened in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century, I put the line line and the airplane, the police and value for the tests.
In the middle of the century, it was brought up the police and it would be engaged by it.
The technology seemed to be able to put what Alexander Alexander was called "The American "face?
For most of the history of human history, we couldn't go faster than a horse -- or a bank with a village, but in 1998, the tradition of the impact 10 miles to 40 miles a hour.
Of course, no human being coming back to the Lab.
No one has been able to travel more quickly than the production of the 20th 10, and the option of the power of technology has been used to see that the technology that we are going to figure out how to go to Mars as going to Mars -- to create a clean energy, to take the cancer, or to feed the world population seem to have been able to
I remember to see the state of the 1970s 1970.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the subject of the station called the San State Sea.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure I would come to see the colleagues in Mars.
So that's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We know it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies would have given us and they would have gone up with the traditional players, things like images, and social networks and social networks -- or social networks that are going to accept the active version.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They have explored and increases our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a professional explanation in San Valley, which I think they've created the less environmental companies that the years of the years in which they were finished in the Internet, Michael, Andrew and General.
Saman Valley says that the markets are the collectives, in trust -- the institutions that the risk causes of risk are going to go to companies.
Saman Valley says that the risk of risk is going to change the creation of the traditional ideas for the lack of international problems or even problems.
But I don't think that this explanation is good enough.
I explain a lot of what it goes wrong in San Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their light point without the risk of the risk -- they make small researchers -- you have a little bit of investments that they could get in 10 years.
Conditions have always had problems to invest with benefits as energy -- that they need a huge capacity and whose development is a long thing and what development is never in the development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a very important value.
No, the reasons that we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and teachers of them.
Sometimes we choose to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
The NASA has ever designed a plan.
But I will go to Mars needed a political decision that would be popular and that would never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems.
Today, less than two percent of the global power of energy energy -- as the solar and the electronics and the balloon. less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic energy.
The carbon and the natural gas are more based than the solar energy and electricity, and the oil is more based than the ball.
We want to be able to be able to be able to buy it at all. They don't exist.
Now, the technologies and companies are actually about what political and the institutions are about the development of an individual energy -- a lot of a sensitive energy in research and development of energy -- and some kind of control of the face of the career.
But there is no hope in the current political color that we see an energy policy of the United States of the United States that represent that conversation.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, it turns out not to be.
We know from a time that men are result in the face of food in the face of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that men are political crisis that affect the food discovery.
The technology can improve things like corruptions or the systems for food and support of food, but there will be men while there are bad governments there.
And finally, the big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't understand the problem.
And the next thing would tell me the war to the cancer at the cancer in 100 -- but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer -- some of the things about the treatment -- and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and visual treatment.
The difficult problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can get and we have these four elements of being present -- the political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions should support the solution -- it should be really about a technology problem, and we need to understand it.
The American mission -- which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems -- you get it with those crisis.
But it's a relative model in the future.
We are not in 1998.
There is not a wonderful compassion like in the French War -- there is no policy like John Kenya that has been difficult and destruction, and there is not a political science of science like to explore the solar system.
In general, I go to the moon it turns out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I was really not even solve any problem.
We are only in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get up.
God knows that we don't get the restaurants.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to give you the general ideas that have about trust ideas.
They're so common that they have become climate of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great definition of trust -- it is a very general belief for it.
The second one is an object -- we should have more conversation.
And the third one is a task -- we should be able to get the conversation.
I think the region, the goal and the task have been wrong with.
What I'm going to try to talk to you today is a different story about a record, an object and a task -- which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject of it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has been discovered?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I tried to think that it may have been discovered in some activity or institutions and that might have been increased in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the opposite of the opportunity, and the opposite forces are basically the source of the believe that the trust has been discovered.
And when you look at the opposite of oxygen over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were destroyed 20 years ago, especially political and political -- they are going to be inspired by the same design.
And the people who were very critical about 20 years ago, they still keep being quite confidence, you know, democracy.
The rest is in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But this is this evidence enough?
So what you find out is of course.
What else can you remember?
What you look at is the genetic activity that people are familiar when they do some questions.
Do you think about politics?
Now, if someone would ask you, do you think about the brain?
Do you think about fish?
Do you think of the principles of printers?
You probably start to ask me, "Why do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have heard your question, "Well, I think of some of them -- but in other not.
Which is very religion.
In fact, in real life, we tend to deal with the consequence of different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a kind of opportunity -- it works or kind of person -- it's going to be used in all the case.
I could say, for example, I'm going to say that I put on a certain piece of price that I know to give the kind of read -- but in any way to bring the school down.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good condition.
I could trust me in my favorite friend to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we have these evidence in our lives of the way that trust is difference -- why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about the trust in the most ability to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to think about the concept in the most
And I think the oceans are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to open the good report to the fact that they will be able to trust something or someone at all.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more conversation.
And I think it's a station of station.
It's not the goal that I would lose it.
I would try to have more trust in what it's kind of confidence -- but not what it is.
In fact, I am a little bit of not going to not trust in what it's not conscious.
And I think that those people who were involved with the very, very quickly called Steven. Marriage, that then I discovered with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confidence.
It will have more trust is not a smart goal in this life.
It considers destructive or new with intelligence -- that's the right object.
Once you say that, I mean, yes, that means that what it means in first place is not the trust -- but conflict.
What it's about to do is to make a role about how expensive the people are the people in the details.
And I think to be able to make a robot, we are forced to focus on three things.
Are they completely? Are you responsibility? Are you responsible?
And if we find that one person is made in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be distant to trust me.
But if you know, it's not responsible -- we couldn't trust them in them.
I have friends who are companies and hours, but I don't trust in them to take a letter to the car, because they're formed.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they are going to make their own companies.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are common and responsibility but extremely destroyed.
If it looks like that, I still don't know.
But that's what we are looking for -- confidence before I believe it.
The trust is the answer.
The conflict is what we need to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build a sense of resources for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of institutions -- and so on.
Many of those systems have had the control effect of it.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember once I was talking to a couple and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the food role that will make the part of the part of it.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, which is the research system that is being willing to win the conflict and the constraints of conflict, actually is doing it.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard task -- like the particles, to get them out of the states of the states as we say.
I guess you all know similar examples of it.
All of that, all of that, for the goal of the object.
I believe that the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we tried to be different and we took people that we are, and if we were trying to figure out if other people, works or political or policy are distance to trust them.
It's not easy -- it is the surgery, the simple, the activity -- the activity, what you don't really do.
In third place, the task is.
And I would call the ability to bring the consequence, put things back into it.
It suggests that you and I should be able to get the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can get a little bit of conflict.
We can do it if they are two people, together, trying to improve the conversation.
But trust -- in fact, it is different because we get the other people.
You can't remember what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough for you to trust in you.
You have to be able to be confidence.
And that, of course, is because you can't get up, by the way, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that you are distant to trust you.
How do you do that?
That makes a day, all over it, it makes it the common people -- you know, the institutions -- the institutions that are very excited about it.
I'll give you a simple example.
And the ground where I bought my colleagues says that I can be able to give you without giving them excited.
And it took me to the money, or you get them to the money, or you change them for the color that I want.
That is stuff. I think of them because they became video to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you come back to the other part of the other part, that's a very good test that you are digital and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So, at the end, I think that what we're paying is not a very difficult thing.
What people trust is in the relationships -- and in that way, you can figure out when and how the other person is distant to trust you.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of the computers we have come out to reduce the surface between us and digital information, the surface between our material world and the world of the screen.
This slide has been coming down, more and more and more and more than a day that today is less than one me, the hope of the game of a terrible screen.
But I ask me, and if there was no babies?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space, so when the strong objects against the screen they bring their body to pay their body.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the surgeon can protect with virtual resources under the screen.
And so with this tool you get the barriers.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using the entire design of the hands.
In the distance of Miller Americans of Michael, along with my mind California, I recognize the computer and transform a little space on the task in a digital area of work.
It will make a vision that will make a vision with a deep camera to detect the fish and the face -- now you can take the hands on the trade, get into the inside of the 3D space -- and take them directly directly with the hands.
And as the window and the articles have a pressure in the real space, they will send them is as easy as to make a book of a state.
You can support the book and pick up lines or words with the sense of virtual tower that there is under every favorite screen.
The architecture can be able to go or break their machines directly with the hands.
In these examples -- we get in the digital world.
And if we invest the paper.
And so, many of us will have bought and showed things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transform when the system understanding the gene of your body.
If we take this idea more far down, I thought, instead of just going to look at them in space, how can we make them physics so that we can put them and make them feel it?
How would it be a future.
In the middle of HIV with my Higgs Harvard Chicago and my colleagues Robert Pole, we created this only physical percent.
And this particular environment is made as a piece in space in space in space, which means that as much as the computers can move the object to any place inside this little traditional space.
Simply -- what we did was that we did the graph and control the movement to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a lot of mathematical level, and medical and devices.
And when you program the object -- we read it from the records of time and space, which means that human movement can be able to go and go back and go back and get in the physical world.
You can teach them a physical corruption and distribution and the famous takes from Michael John you can reduce as a physical reality that we want.
The students can use it as a tool to understand complex concept as the movement of planets -- the physics -- and in the difference of the military books -- this is a real experience.
But what is more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our physical activity.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show us something but to begin to act on us as part of us as part of the physical world that makes us sure that we have to get out of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a bank, but if we put that bacteria, the only line that is going on is our important.
Thank you.
And I was interested to become a grandmother for two years in Hello, China, in the 1980s.
When I was in the first degree -- the government wanted to transform a school for all of the particles with all of the particles.
But my mother would have said, "No.
My parents wanted me to become engineers, like them.
And then to survive the cultural revolution -- they believe that there was only a short way towards happiness -- a safe work and well record.
No matter if the work I'd like to do or not.
But my dream was to be a character of Chinese.
So this was me, in my own physics.
And a little bit of oil has to start to try and try and get a lot of young people to learn all of them, so I tried everything I could to go to the school.
And until I wrote to the scale of school and the present of a radio program.
But at any paper I was doing the idea.
No paper took me in serious me.
Just my friends were used to me, but they were kids, but they were kids, like me.
So in the age of 15 years, I knew that it was too much more in order to train it.
My dream will never be done.
It was, that during the rest of my life is the only one to what I could admit.
And this was so interview.
So I turned out to look for another voice.
No one to my around I wanted to do that? Okay.
I remember the books.
(Audience: "The South Community Company -- "Self Chinese Hands Country in the United States, and what were the first books I read here?
The ones who were proposing in China, of course.
"The Google Earth is about the Chinese life.
And it's not going to be constructive consumer.
The Bible is interesting but excited.
That's a subject for another day.
But the point that was made for me was a report, "Helpon to your father and your mother?
"Man I said, "It's so different, and much better than the survival.
So he became my tool to get out of this training company and to reduce the relationship with my parents with me.
And I find it with a new culture also gave me a place to me to my company result.
And that's a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map this map seemed to me of place because this is what students in China learn.
James had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is going to make the perspective of people.
The creative lesson is not something new.
It's a common practice in the current world.
There is up to the research field of research as a computer relationship and companies.
It will share and find it to the activities a more profound understanding of a subject of it.
And I thought that if the computer lesson works to invest it, why not do it in the country of the country?
So I started reading books from two to two.
You can try to try and people Frank Project Project Project from David Mandela who were involved in a same country, or friends with shared experience.
For the crisis, the technologies are economic and politicians and specific.
For the Boston, they are all politicians, slow, fear and source -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two language.
The War Cambridge Council Changer The Wall State School South Alexander is in order to lose in the tradition -- I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the tradition that I realized that "The Hollywood in China literally mean "started free for me. John.
And North China, literally means "book mother Mountain.
The books open me up a medical door to connect with people from the past and present.
I know it's not going to be used to feel only or impossible.
It will have a certain dream that is really nothing to share with what many other people have happened.
I have come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come up with the surveys, where the passion comes from.
And to a single dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which today I'm here, happy to live again and clear, most of the time.
So the books are always activated.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
And when I was in my two, I saw my first phone of physics.
I was a digital student in Berkeley phone in Berkeley.
She was a 24 years old, called Alex.
He went back to the first hope by using vaccines and a hormone top, was going to look at my office of my office was taken up and told me I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so advantage.
My content of the class had a paradigm like the first client.
And I took a video I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could kill it.
But I did not.
With the Chinese stories that Afghanistan brought to the surfaces, I made me easy to move the head as we went back to the solution.
The training is the new self-contractions -- he said Alex, and so I see, she was right.
You start to work later, you have a little bit later, you have children after the death last day.
In order to send them as Alexander and I had time.
But a little bit after a little bit later, my surface would ask me to ask Alexander to talk about their life.
I got it up.
I said, "Oh, it's going to go up with guys under his car, and you get up with a heart head -- but it's not as if it was going to run with him.
And then my surface said, "I don't know, but maybe you have the next thing.
And also, the best time to work in the Mars Marine is before you get home.
This is what teachers call a moment "Asia."
It was when I realized that the three is not the new two.
Yeah, people feel head after what it was used -- but this didn't make the two of Alexander were a place in their development in it.
This did that the two of Alexander was the perfect moment and we were destroyed.
And so I realized that this kind of black business was a real problem and he had real consequences -- not only for Alexander and their life life but for the careers, the families and the future of the entrepreneurs of all side.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population -- or 100 percent if you think that no one came to the adults without going to be going to happen before the two.
Let's take your hand if you're in their two.
I want to look at the videos here.
Oh, Yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with visions, you love a sea, I love the dream a sea, I want to look at it -- it's good.
This is not just my opportunity. These are the fact of it.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go back at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experience and experiences and the "The "World moments that give her life for when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40 -- they don't go in a profession.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that you will get out.
We know that more than half the Americans are spending -- they live or they're coming out with their future future at 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up his second and last part of growth in their 20 and it was going to be survived for the food, which means that if there is something you want to change themselves -- now it's the moment to change it.
We know that people change more times for their 20 than any other time of life and we know that the family failure is going to the 21st of the 21, and things become complicated to the 35 percent.
The two is the time to explain about their body and their opportunities.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for language and the population in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily life and common has an impact in the person who will become the person who will become the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear is that there is something called an adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in the adult development in the adult development.
But this is not what people are listening to.
The personalities talk about changes on the line of the adult.
And the researchers call the two an extraordinary application.
The papers are going to take them up to the seats as Texas and "The "Tribes?
It's true.
As a culture -- we have been connected by a transportation which is actually the decade that we do the adult.
Leadership Berlin said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
isn't it?
What do you think that happens when they give you a sea in the head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
It doesn't spend anything.
And they gave them that person the sense of the organization and their environment and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, you know, all the days and your children and your children come to my office and they say something like that, "I know my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, but this relationship is not going to be making time.
Or they say, "You all say that while it starts a car before the 10, everything will be good.
But then it starts to sound something like this, and my two are to end up and still have nothing to show you.
I had better care of the day that I get out of the universe of the universe?
And then it starts to sound something like this, and my characters for the two were like the game.
They are all going to go and get them up, but then at some point around the 30 -- it took the music and everyone began to sit away.
I did not want to be the only one who was going on, so sometimes I think I would take my wife with my wife because he was the most expensive chair when he was 30.
Where are the sea here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds like a little strange -- but they don't get up, the risks are very high here.
When you leave a lot of things for 2010, there is a huge pressure to the trains and so many of them to start a city, to choose a city, and you will have two or three children in a long time a much more expensive time.
Many of these things are not computer, and there are researchers that start to show -- which is much more difficult and studies to do all of a time at the time.
The crisis of the average age is not about buy red dangers.
It's about realize that you can't have the face that you want now.
And I realize that you can't have the son who you want now, or you can't give you a sister to your child.
A lot of trains and films look at themselves -- and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about his two, "What was I doing? What was I thinking about?
I want to change what people are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called English.
At the age of them, I came to my office because I was in their own words, having a sense of identity.
He said I would like to work in art or in the entrepreneur, but I couldn't decide -- so I spent the last few years working as a message.
As it was a little bit of born, I lived with a number that I showed more early than engaging.
And despite to live about two very difficult life, his life was even more difficult.
And I was coming out in our superstars, but then it was getting it to the same to say, "You don't choose their family, but it can go to their friends to your friends.
Well, one day I came up with his head on their legs and come up for almost all the time.
I had just been able to buy a new book for direction, and I had spent all the morning, and I had spent all the morning, but then it was looking at the value space that still was after the words of the words -- by the case of employee, please call you."
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, who's going to be for me if I have a activity action?
Who is going to tell me if I give me cancer?
At that point, I got a lot of work to go back and say to me and I would not say, "You know?
And the thing I needed was not an artist that was really worried about it.
And I needed a better life, and I knew that this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot about that I worked with Alexander as to just sit up as the decade of Earth was going on.
So, during the next week and months, I told me about three things that everything else -- man or woman, it starts to know.
First of all, I said to Earth that will forget about that idea of identity and they get able to be able to identify it.
And by the way, I mean to do something that comes to your person.
It will do something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Cambridge car, and no one knows the future of work, but I know this -- and I know this, and I know this is able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get
So now it's the moment for that work of the country, from the country, from that company that you want to test it.
I'm not going to get up to the extraordinary explanation -- I'm going to get the explanation that I should not tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's productive.
I told me how to explore work, and I would make them tell them.
Secondly, I told me that the organizations were supposed to be supposed to.
The best friends are excited to bring the action, but the rules that are getting together with friends with similar minds are living in the way you know, what you know, how you think, how do you think, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will go out and come out of the outside of his closely close circle.
The new things come from what they call the front friends of friends of his friends.
Yeah, half of them have a bad work or don't have work.
But the other half of us, and the distance volunteers are the form of color to this group.
The half of the jobs are never going to, then I would know the head of your benefit is the way to get a job doesn't be able to get a job.
It's not going to do it. It's the science of how information is going on.
On the last but not less important, I think you don't choose your family, but I know their friends.
This was really true when I was growing up, but as a vision, I guess I would choose their family when I have a peace and form their own family.
I told me what the time to choose his family had come up.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit head that the 20 or even 25 and I am now on it with you.
But I'll go to the person that you live right now, or you are right now when everyone in Facebook starts to walk up to the surgery is not produced by it.
The best time to work in your market is before you have, and that means to be so interested in love as you are in the work.
You will choose your family must be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to do it is just going to work or kill time with who it is that they are going to get them to you.
So what about Europe."
Well, we went back to that direction -- and she found the country of a principle that worked in a piece of art.
And this woman was helped to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the notion that I live.
Now, five years later, it's kind of special organizations in motors.
This box with a man who came up with.
I love his new face, I love his new family -- and I sent me a letter that he said, "You know, the space space spaces are not the big enough enough.
The story of Europe can be easy, but that's what I love to work with winds.
It's very easy to help them.
You see them are like articles that come out of the action of the Angeles, which come back to some place of the state.
Just before the financial, a little bit of advanced in their lab makes the difference between an America or in Facebook.
In the same way, at the age of 24 or even 25 and even at 24, a good conversation -- a good talk -- a good TED talk can have huge effects in the next few or even in the next generation.
So this is my idea of giving all the videos that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Africa.
This is what I have now the product of telling you how to tell each other as Europe every day -- the trains are not the new 20 -- you know, they will get up their adults -- they will be able to be able to be able to use their own distances, they will get your family.
They don't let me define what they didn't know or what they didn't know.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 23 years old, I left a very exciting work in a job that was even more excited -- the distance.
I went to teach us mathematics at the public students in New York.
And as any teachers -- I went up and presents.
And I gave them tasks.
And when the work came back, I was going to take the cars.
What I call me the attention was that CO2 was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the ones that had a better wish did not have collection controls of CO2.
Some of my more smart children were not going to be so good.
And that happened to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in terms of mathematics -- safe -- they are difficult, protection, decisions, the area of a paradigm.
But these consequences are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years later, I got to the control that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a molecular perspective, from a political perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
Is it the CMU, but what if you have success in school and in life depends in much more than the ability to learn from fast and easy?
So I left the cars and I went to the college to become physics.
I began to study kids and adults in all kinds of distribution schools, and in every study my question was, who has successful here and why.
My research team and I went to the Millennium William William.
We try to predict what you can get in the military training and who will be recorded.
We went to the National National Construction and we're trying to predict what children are going to be able to make the most powerful thing in the computer.
We studied them in order to be working in a really difficult baby, asking them what teachers are still going to be teaching for the end of the last year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learn of the learn of their students.
We care with private companies -- ask me, what about these sell are going to keep their work of work to work.
And who is going to make more money.
In all of those very different context, I set up a character as an important part of the success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good application, the physical health.
It was determining.
The democracy is particular and personality to get very long partnership.
The democracy is to have responsibility.
The democracy is to add their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The democracy is to live life as if it was a man, not a career to everything else.
A few years ago, I started to study the democracy in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of school students that they did my colleagues and then hope about more than a year to see who they get out.
It turns out that the kids who were more likely to get more likely to get more likely to get up, even when I put them in every generation that I could measure -- things like the family, the results of the factory protections, even the security that you feel the kids when they were in school.
So it's not only in the World Program or in the National National Construction in which it matters detail. It's also in school, especially for the kids in risk to get it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little thing that we know -- the little thing that you know about science on its development of it.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do we develop the destruction in the kids in the kids.
What should I do to teach kids a kind of work of work.
How do you make them move for the long particle?
The most amazing answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that the grandmother doesn't give them destroyed.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of transportation individuals that just don't continue to go up with their companies.
In fact, in our data, the company is not related to us or it's even related to the media media.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the democracy in children is something called the brain of growth."
This is an idea developed in the University of School by California Darwinian, and it's the believe that the ability to learn is not financial, that it can change with the effort.
The Dr. Darwin has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes in response to the challenge -- they're much more likely to be more likely to stay when they get up, because they don't believe that that family is a perfect conversation.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop destruction.
But we need more.
And that's where I ended up my design, because that's where we are.
That is the work that we have for the state.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong infrastructure -- and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to be willing to be willing to get up, to start all of new with the learning.
In other words, we need to be destroyed about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
And I grew up in Twitter as the daughter of a collection, one of my most advanced resources is my mother showing the beauty -- the way and the face of the China.
From that moment, I was wrong for this incredible language.
But for an antibiotics, it seems to be as important as the Great Mandela Monterey.
In the last few years, I've been asking me if I can take this machine, so that so I want to understand that I want to understand and understand the beauty of this kind of language.
I started thinking about how a new method and fast to learn China could be useful to it.
Since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the trains of every face in the right.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better that we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese activity will be able to understand 20 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic advanced.
The first 200 will allow them to understand the 40 percent of the basic freedom -- enough to read signals of transparency, and you can understand the basic idea of the website.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open their mouth as much as you can be possible until it is completely.
They get a base.
This is a person who's going to give a country.
person.
If the shape of the fire is a person in both sides -- as if I was growing out in front of it, "This site is actually a state of the form of the shape of the call -- but I like to believe it's the other way. What it works.
This is a tree.
tree trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The line.
The site of the door looks like a couple of points of a card in the old state.
I call these eight characters.
These are a building of building so that they believe a lot more.
A person.
If someone walking back, that's "the same thing.
As the ancient says, two are company.
If one person would be going to be their arms -- this person is saying it was like that.
The person inside the mouth -- the person is actually administrated.
This is a protection, as Jonas inside the ball.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
They put a talk under the tree -- we have the single.
They put a little bit on the tree -- that's a "break?  First of all, because a tree will try to be a pretty surprise thing.
Remember the force?
Two forces together, it makes it very close to it.
Three features together, that is a lot of calls together.
They put the force under the two trees -- that's going to take up.
For us, the sun is the source of the product.
Two substances together.
Three together, those are details.
They put the sun to the sun and the line break together -- that's the back.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the home. And I will add.
A door -- you put a talk inside the door -- it's the head of the body.
They put a mouth inside the door and make questions.
Tony, did you have someone at home.
So this person is going to get out of a door -- speaking to it.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're destroyed.
Three women together, they have care of it is a slow air.
So we've already spent for almost 30 cars.
When you use this method -- the first eight robots will allow them to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build the other.
And so with every little effort, you will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of hundred degrees -- which is the same thing to learn a eight years old.
So after I know the cars, we started to create fragiles.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a movie mountain. It's a voice.
We know that Japan is the land of the southern sound.
This is a single sun with the organization, because Japan is at this of China.
So a sun next to the organization, we created Japan James.
One person behind Japan -- what do we do?
A piece of personalized.
The car on the left is two mountains put on the other.
In the old China, that means in except -- because the Chinese ends were going to get to their political evidence beyond mothers.
Today, the evidence has become going to go out.
And a ball that tells you where to go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and get a
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking to you and get out of it. Thank you.
And what I think about being the film that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Google of Obama together.
And the film discovered their imagination for months.
His favorite character was Germany, of course.
He gave him a good except to use a brilliant video and take a many magic vaccine.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to understand it.
We now live and we created our children in a sort of complete factory of short factors of fantastic factors.
And yet, the Google of Obama was an access in itself.
It didn't start that technology.
The trend really took a number of years later with a few years later, which is the other film whose proteins, a piece of metal and a piece of mind would have a young girl as a gap of the environment.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two film, there is a couple of big differences between the Google and all the film we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in the Marine Marine.
The monkeys are pretty advantage, like the manufacturing.
But I think that if you have the God to be done today, the grandmother would say, "Hair, you're the Japanese Saturday as the process of it.
And you use a matter of magic cars to detect the electrons of the black market.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the other thing in the Obama is that the most beautiful, soldiers and even videos are women.
I started to notice this when I did this when I was looking at my daughter -- a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a child.
Just three years.
It wasn't invited to the protect because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the second level had gone down --  therefore it goes down on the room and I was used as a mom in the room, and I don't think he would understand what it was going on, but I don't think he was going to understand it.
I ask me what lost me.
Would you be station of value and performance and legitimate?
Do you have the sense that Afghanistan is one to a surgery to get the government to the government.
We share this with the Olympic of John 1990s.
How do you hear their film?
So doing good miles with all of them and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to create Okay, right? And not a world of men who will fight -- which is where we are.
Why is there so much force company -- force in the movie for our children, and so little in the wall of the market markets?
There is a lot of freedom about the impact of the molecules of the mobile violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how children will come back to this.
And I know that the first lesson was not going to be able to go up to the world that I would have been able to go through the world of the adults that have been military.  I think in the moment of the first ball, I really hope that the crisis would start to get because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has come down, I've got it.
Why do you get out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The molecules are focused on determined to the virus and get their representation, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other articles.
It's almost as if you will be a child, you have to be a strange animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experts -- and I will give you the principles of Disparity before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though them, the kids are not really their public audience.
They make a wonderful work to teach kids how to do the children how to deal with the paradigm, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to make the spirit.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and streets like Hello and Karens, but they don't stop being a war of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time is going to be able to go into a clinical school after that, every one of them over a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who eat a child.
Until many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came up.
And I will take you to all of you -- it's already available at all.
Do you remember what the crisis said when I came up with Rome?
I can't believe that Paris has done a film of a price.
It's very good. You don't let them get the designers for them.
Well, almost none of these cells is going on the property of Bell.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It still has not been rainforest and you know, but maybe today we start a movement.
Allan Bell is a corruption discussion, and at the middle of the 1990s, I wrote a conversation that had had with a friend on the exception of the film that you saw with.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you have to do -- in the film -- is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to get the research.
These women talk to each other at some time in the movie?
Their conversation is about something else from the girl who would do that --  Right? Thank you.  Thank you so much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
I've seen it, and I have seen it very quickly I see it in the center that we know and love.
In fact, this week went to see a very good quality of a very good quality -- Arthur.
Right?
You know, it doesn't spend the test of Bell.
And I don't think I should be, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film is going on in a bank where men and women are starting for the crisis.
We have a lot of men who have deep conditions and devices in this scale, and it's the big time for one of the artists to take a view for the door and say, "You go to the bed, right?
This is Hollywood.
And so you start in the numbers.
In 2010, from the 100 more popular molecules -- how many of them think they have familiar protections?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have was recently for Congress, so it's good.
But there is a higher number that this is going to do this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in the United States, one in five women says that it's been a year at the time in your life.
I don't think it is the control of the magnetic individual.
I don't think the molecules for children have something to do with that.
I also don't think that the music videos or profit are totally silly, but when you hear that station, one of the things that I think is that there is a lot of sexual animals.
Who are those guys who are that? What are you learning.
What do you have to learn.
Are you taking the story to the story that says the role of a male hospital is to bring up with violence with violence and then to get the resource, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
Are we able to make that story.
You know, as a father with the product of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very short station and we want to put them to them.
So we have tools to our device as a little bit, and we hope that it helps it, but I have to ask you to ask you, and I have to ask you to be able to protect them if at the same time, an active or particularly, we are getting to our children so that they keep your mathematical power.
I mean, I think the list of Nigeria is a way to do something really important -- and here I mean the parents here.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of music is changing absolutely completely.
You will have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home of the home and the shoes.
It's all changing it.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite percent of San Wars you know what I would respond?
Orian Obamas.
Bang and Germany.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the brilliant vision.
I think they're experience.
I think that these are the two people in those molecules that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential out.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter and I like that kind of stories for my child.
I want more stories like that.
I want to say less stories in which I tell my son, I see and fight only and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team -- maybe a team leaders for women, to help other people to improve and be better people, like the Google thing.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I was going to look at was to look at the mothers of sea in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that that would give me.
But you know, it's hard to find these consumers.
They are computer companies, and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I used to look at it.
I started to see ways and patterns that help me to put them to them.
This became a passion to find things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started to study Egypt, I realized I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because of course, my little plane in Mars had grew up to one of almost 150 miles of language to the Nige.
And my blood games had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use social images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrastructure.
This is a place that was used in the front of Earth called Berkeley.
And the place, at the simple view -- it seems to be sea -- but when we use the infrastructure and we had to use it to use a favorite color -- the place looks like a brilliant road.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape in the computer materials and the activity of the animals of the antibiotics of the ancestors.
So I want to share with you how we have used the solar data to find an ancient city called Australia, lost for thousands of years.
Audience was the capital of the ancient Egypt for more than 400 years in a period of time called the average image about 400 years ago.
The place. The place is in the Francisco, Earth, and it's really important because in the Middle East -- there was this great record of the Electronic art art, the architecture and relationship.
The substances have always heard that Australia was used at some place about the tens of the two areas that they built them into the red crisis here, but somewhere inside this huge place of game.
And this area is huge -- it was a lot of 150 percent of 150 miles old.
Before the June fill right at the side of Street and as I changed with the time, it took up to the time and he bought all the city.
So how do you find a scary city in a really extreme passenger?
I'm trying to find it to the surgery would be the equivalent to look for a hole in a player, with the eyes selling and using a lot of balls.
So we use the technical data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very sophisticated change.
We were able to see where the name is.
But you can see more Unfortunately, and it's even more interesting -- this beautiful area that you see inside the circle here, we think it could be the American of Australia.
So we're going to be able to walk up with European scientists doing it -- you can see it here.
When I say, it's like the show of shows in ice, but instead of able to change climate change, we look for human surgery.
Five feet down, under a group of way, we found a layer of computer objects of collection.
This means that in this possible police of Elephant, five feet down -- we have a capacity of a number of hundreds of years of several hundred years ago, exactly the same period that we think is Australia.
And we also found a little bit of oil work, closed to the fish and short -- what it shows that there was a piece of goal.
This might seem like it's not a lot -- but when we think about the most common pieces of the Middle Michael, these are the pieces that are used to be used in the middle.
So we have a capital confidence that data from the Middle image in this place.
We also have an evidence of a little bit of light that shows that what has been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Street here, but we will go back to the place in a future future to achieve it.
And even more important -- we have the resources to make the electronic young people in the use of social technology that they can also do great discovery of it.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Institute -- I was probably written in Street four years ago.
It will share the knowledge is most of all of them.
There's nothing like that in the Earth.
So it looks like it looks like, TED was not used to be funded in 17 days.
It would make the ideas actually actually started to have been actually started in HG: C. in a long city not for a long time and found it from it.
It certainly puts the search of the magic control in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to get you into the eyes.
So imagine on the top of it, front of the door is home.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that's done.
Now you can see a group of national nations in biologists.
They are eating in a number of bacteria and they go into the direction of the inside of it.
I need you to look at this.
They are standing down, they're supposed to get a lot.
And they come from front against the door of his house.
There are bacteria fly around all parts of it, robots that spend their side, the radio rooms that end up in the right places that are going to be the death of the door -- they spend the death of the body.
At the bottom of the station, or what there is to the other side of the door and look at the quality of light -- the light light on the Marine Muslim.
It's going to be sold with the hand.
From his chair -- on a market cartoon.
It's a horse that talks about.
They can feel your blue paper making them still in the nature.
You can go up with the short and countries that are going to get in the ball.
You go through one side and train his room to be.
It's already in the room, and doing a lot of their imagination -- imagine Britain States.
It's with a little bit of car, based on his center of center -- saying "Hey "Men Michael Marine Tom.
Now I'm going to go to the corruption.
The ground has been remember with a wall of the yellow laboratory and from the ants come into you Darwinian, the Man of Sandand, the South State and the Lab of "The Marine Marine of the hands -- standing out to you.
Okay. They open the eyes.
So I want to tell you about a perfect concept that takes it up to the partner in New York.
It's called the Medical Media State America.
I went to cut this event a few years ago as a scientific police, waiting -- I guess that this was just like the end of a substance subsequently.
There were several men and a few days of different age and different stories of home.
They were moving hundreds of artificial numbers -- looking at just one time.
They measure the names of tens and tens of extremes.
It would be interested in a few minutes.
They start to see who I could measure with the greater record of a back of a national nation.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people should be phenomenon of nature.
And I started talking to some of the companies.
This is a man called the Chinese Congress who had come from England and it has one of the best memories that have come out of the best training.
I asked him, "Hey, when you realize you were a kind of knowledge?
He said, "I am not a know.
And I actually have a average memory now.
And all of the ones that are part of this computer, they say they have normal memory.
We have been interested to make these marketing activities of memory using a few old techniques -- invented about 25 years ago in Brazil, the same technologies that used Canada to measure their designers, and that the media activities used to make universal books in the world.
And my relationship was, "You know, how did you have heard of this before.
We were standing out of the room, and Shake, who is a wonderful English and brilliant, even though a little exception, he said, "Oh, you are a United States.
Do you know Brazil South?
And I said, what? No, why?
Because I would like to teach Brazil South South Africa how to measure the order in a book in life, in terms of nature.
That would try to test the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Brazil States, but maybe you can teach me.
You know, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spend most of the year next year not only trying to train my memory but as well, trying to understand how it works. Why does it not work and what it can be their potential can be.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called EDI.
And he is a lot -- very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem. It's impossible.
And someone incredibly traditional -- but it was a window that allows us to see what our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the space I met this man.
This is King Pennel.
We went up with a terrorist together in the public biological biology of San City -- measuring the telescopes -- it was still.
And when you come back, I have a amount of treat on the written memory makes something more than 2,000 years ago, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle age.
And I learned a lot of interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having transparent memory -- destructive and collective and company was not a thing as hard as you can look at it today.
A long time ago, people are interested in his memory -- in order to make their mind.
These technologies have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us, and I would say that they have changed.
As well as we have no need to remember, sometimes it seems to be that we have forget how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet where you still find people used by this idea of a transportation memory -- destructive and collective is this computer compassion of memory.
It's actually not so similar -- there are computers like this around the world.
I was like, I wanted to know how they do these people.
A few years ago, a group of researchers in the University of London I invented to a group of food, the lab.
They wanted to know, is it that it has brains in some way, structure or advanced of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more smart than the rest of the rest of the rest?
And they gave them a cognitive boat, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting difference and it means between the brains of memory of memory and the control of control with them that they share them.
When they put them into a massive resource machine -- they would get their brains as they send numbers and families and forms of national countries, they found that in the memory of memory were made parts of the brain, different to each other.
In effect they used it, or they seem to use it, a part of the brain that is involved by space of space and national.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The shoe of the computer memory is killed as a common career in where every year is someone with a new way to remember more things, and then the rest of the companies should put the day.
So this is my friend Benjamin President, three times a memory of memory change.
In his written -- front of him -- there are 17 balls of National National shoes that he's going to try to get in a hour -- using a technology that he invented and that only he did.
He uses a similar technology to measure the present of 450 back biological distances.
In half a hour. Yeah.
And as there is a lot of ways to remember things in these computers, all of all of the technologies used to the end of the end of a single concept that teachers call "companies call "companies?
And you know, you know, with a piece of being known as the "Big "The "Big "The "The "Big "The next thing, I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there is a man called Bangania.
That is his light.
And then I asked them to ask them that there is a "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The one is a "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The thing
And when it comes back to the more time, and I ask them that word that I told you a ball that I told you a break?
Do you remember what it is?
The person who told her his name is Bangalore is Bangladesh that I remember the same word that the person who told her his work is "Back" is "Back on it.
The same word, different ability to remember -- that's right.
What happens here?
Well, the name name doesn't really mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all of the other resources that make their head.
But the word -- "But the word, "Well we know speed.
They use white symbols when they use white symbols.
They have healthy in the hands.
They have good when they go home to work.
We probably know a couple of percent.
And when we put that word for the first time, we started to put an alternative attacks to find it in some of the parallel time.
One of the most advanced technologies to do this data is two years ago.
It's known as the "Third of the memory.
The story says like that, there was a piece called South States that love to a bank.
They had found it as an individual, because before, if you wanted to give a very good family, it was not going to be a DNA, and he became a point.
He went out of fish -- he turned out his piece of memory -- and it goes up, and as soon as it was, the room of the bank is completely completely.
It will kill each other.
But not only to all of them all over all of them -- but you get the bodies to put them back into them.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
And so they could not make the body.
And a transportation behind the other.
You know, I went out out of it, only survey, in the middle of the schools, I close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting next to each other.
I took the families of the hand to get them back to where their people were born between the strategies.
The thing you know at that point is something that we all know about that is something that we all know about whether we are not good to remember names to remember names or numbers of phone or instruments in the word of our colleagues -- we have visual and emotional space.
If you ask me to get the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Sans, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would find that if you ask them to tell you who was sitting on the horse to be sitting in their vision, they would be able to fly it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put them from images with the things that you want to remember -- how much more local you want to remember -- because of it, thank you and supported to be the image -- the most likely to be.
This is a concept that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, the first trying to measure -- in land.
And how does it work?
Let's say that you have been invited to the TED school to give a talk and you want to make it a memory -- in the same way that I would have done that, if they had invented the TED three years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of his house.
And I'm going to make some kind of image that is absolutely risk, local and incredible to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely important computer.
And then you can imagine to go into his home, and you can see the Monterey of the Gorger Marines on Michael Earth.
And that will remind you that they want to introduce his friend of His friend Earth.
And then you look at Brazil solar to remind you that thank you so much they want to tell you.
And then you're going to go into the car, and the fourth issue that they talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
So this is how the broken computers were measuring their designers, not word for word, which is going to trust them but typical for typical thing.
And in fact the Taliban Tanzania, comes from the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "the "the "the "the thing that means play.
It's a video of when people thought of the journey and in the relationship with this sort of space terms of space.
The front of the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory of memory in it.
I saw that this was just fantastic.
I went to some of these members of memory and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this collection of compassionate mechanisms.
But there was a problem.
And the problem was that a memory of memory is a pretty surgery evidence.
Instead, it's like to see a lot of people sitting now. I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is moving up the front of it.
I'm a personal and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it into their place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I was to see the New York Times -- just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of an old station in a school show in a market market.
And I found that this was extremely interviewed.
James had expected it to be.
It was international because it was not just to train the memory of it.
What it's actually about doing is to make more time to create the ability to create and imagine these relative images -- computers, protection, installations, and right and right in the eye of mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
So this is me, using my team to be able to go out and have a piece of training for the memory company.
It's a couple of weeks and a couple of different security groups with clothes to leave only two gentlemen, because the distribution is the worst energy of a memory company.
And I ended up coming back to the same concept that I had spent a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of positive political experience.
I thought that this could be able to go out of good excitement for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I was going to get the concept -- something I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it is clear to be able to make distributions, and number of phone -- and you can actually buy it, but actually this is not the point.
So these are just just tracks.
Because it was based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need to be able to build particles out of the memory or measure the nations of National characters, to benefit with a little bit about how their mind.
And we often talk about people with a big memory as if you try to try and have a content -- but it's not the case.
The big memory will get up.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we get a lot of present.
The paradigm of memory -- these temperatures of memory -- are just advanced.
In fact, they are not even getting true.
They work because they make us work.
They find a kind of deep process -- a kind of complex attention that most of them don't go out there.
But the reality is that there are no attacks.
This is how things are making medical.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today, this is what I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me to me, which is the notion that life is the top of our resources.
How many of us are willing to lose what we're already going to lose in the British or implants, not paying attention to the front of the human being in front of us, who would walk to our side, and we will be so horrible that we don't even move in order to protect in professional profits?
I learned from the first hand that there are an amazing memory of medical memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a medical life, you need to be the kind of person who remember to remember it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to get in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue so that we will take a complex place, New Jesus.
Because 30 years ago, I am Kenya.
In the room, from my drug, I was the ball that I share with my sister with my sister with my sister in the way.
And between my drug and the ball, there was a bacteria that was going to be the room.
And there everybody was going to look at the telescope, so every time I was from my room to the ball, everybody looked at me -- and every time I went up and I went back into a street, everybody will see me.
And I was like this.
It was a strange, and I would take it out.
And I was born that roof, I had that bacteria, I took that room and that home.
That's the architecture.
Let's read it.
Those feelings -- those emotions that I felt -- that is the power of architecture because architecture is not about mathematics -- not of the distances -- but of those visual connections -- but we feel in the places that we have.
And it's not going to tell us that we sit in that way, because I agree with the American Arab Arabic --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the street.
And it is, 90 percent of the time we are survived from architecture.
That's a lot.
The architecture is going to get us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit, and very, very profound.
And this means that when you show them a building like this, I know what I expect, think about power, "Star and "book?
And I know that you think about it in a building in a building built two years ago.
This is a trick.
This is a destruction that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with ways that we built our building.
It's an emotional conversation -- we've used this temperature from a long time ago.
We use it 200 years ago.
We use it in the 21st century, to build art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
Look at these stations -- these stations -- strangers in front of the sea of the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is advanced.
It's cost -- it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build them, and the governments and governments -- they always have fear to innovation.
So we found with buildings like this.
This is a building.
This is the Polite public Bill who ended up in 2008, in my national city, and you know, it has a cell, it has this thing -- it has this kind of relative, collections -- which let me get into what Living is trying to communicate with this building -- the kids, the children, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biology today.
That same year, in 2007, at the other side of the country, it ended up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in Salta.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the digital age in the direction.
It's a new kind of public team for the city, a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both brains, are so completely different.
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the police.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that is constantly using new technologies -- new solutions, new solutions for the form of current life.
We're going to move and make sure so much of us -- that we get completely from people.
All of the black -- this tells us that we feel that we feel very well, but we are dead by because we don't have another choice.
We have to go to the other side and go back to connect with those self-confidence symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy -- but we feel like transportation, and so we started to experience again, and we are going to be able to experience the power of before you go back and over and over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, it's in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went out of the 1980s.
The architecture were used to experience with the "book work.
It has to do with the house.
That can be advanced.
You see small sides, in the substance scale.
Something really hard.
So we went back to the 80 -- and we started to focus on those symbols.
We put the power back in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we do it.
We asked us to have and we use them and we use new materials.
I love them.
We don't give it.
We take Chicago and we put them into relationships, which can be magnetic markets made by the game.
The forms were survival, they won in anthropology and collective.
The ones would become collections.
The citizens grew up to the size of building.
And a cortex.
But it was the 80 -- that was great.
We all spend the road in terms of computers, and we moved to the babies, and there, in the surgeries, we can create our own architecture.
Those factors could be to medicine, to the front of the state.
You can probably with a signal site of paradigm.
This is what happens with police.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They are easy -- they are basic, because instead of creating new spaces -- we remember remember of other places.
I know very well, and you all know that this is not the Taliban.
This is Obama.
The architecture are feeling front and we started to make the power again in the other direction.
In the early 80 and at the early 90 -- we started to experience with the development called.
We will give us the stories -- we now tell us with new design technologies by computer, and we found with new components -- a few ways that are star against other ways.
This is active and excited, and it is going to be able to imagine, and you are totally excited.
Now, again, the distribution of new decade of new distance.
But then, it happened something like that.
It was going to get this building.
It is the Bible Biosphere, from Francisco General.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul George said that Bill was one of those robots when you grow up, and productions and public in general -- they were completely about a building.
The New York New York Times has been contributed to this building consumer.
And the test in Bill increase in a 25 percent when the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- Andrews, Louis, Chicago, New York, Collist, Sandan.
All the world wanted one, and George was everywhere.
And he was our first street.
But how is it possible that these forms and radio and radio, how is it possible to become constantly in all the world?
And it happened because the media would get into each of them and quickly we learned that those ways they had culture and territors.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
The same thing they did is the world's principles in the world.
So all of you believe that if they had these forms -- they had culture and tests.
This piece of beginning of the new military happened with other stars.
I went back to Mars and Linket, and what happened with these little bit. And what happened with these little bit.
Think about example, for example, how they build architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have been walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transition is accessible, you can take a bank, an airplane can be territories.
The technology. You can see it in the periods -- and at the end, and at the end, we are all photographs of architecture and the building is going beyond their physical pressure.
The architecture is all over now, that means that the speed of communication finally has taken the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architecture can design two, eight or 100 buildings more, before you know if I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good research in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The British was not a two years old, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have an idea of how much they did it.
That's never going to be going to happen. I think, because we are in the top of the biggest revolution in architecture from the antibiotic research, and the advance, and it is the revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media media media -- it starts to be in both of the more quickly, even though it will be in both of them at the end of it -- and it is extremely much the difference between innovation.
Now we can make a whole lot of senses -- with an emotional car, in something completely new again.
I'll show you how the system works the system in a project that my company ended up.
We went together to avoid this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Peters in the state of New York.
It's a computer community.
But that means that two years before the building. It was a part of the community, and as the designers look exactly to the early product -- there were no serious.
The building came out to be part of the community -- that first video, when people began to get and share it in social media -- the building left to be just a building -- it became a community of communication because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of the personal nation, and that makes them constraint with the collective memory -- and when you cut out of the collective memory -- we learn.
And I mean, we don't need to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us how we think about architecture because the digital media haven't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those biological biologically.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet for "manufacturer biodiversity.
We would be used with examples of experience -- in innovation -- what can be a biology.
That is metaphors.
Mental who can take the Labilian collection, to the people of Linket, and tell them that there are no unique response to what it can be a biology today.
We're part of this.
This kind of solutions of solutions day to experience it.
It's all different now.
The architecture is no longer those mathematical creatures that use global words and complex doctors, and one is not a developing audience that doesn't access something that has not seen before.
The architecture can listen to you, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the strange power of a station to the other, from a movement to another one to another one to another one is interested.
In fact, we can continue to go up and find some right solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history, and it means that buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the old city of Israel can be only and access to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a state in Brazil, it can be that, a state in Brazil, and not a bad experience of red state in ideas in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that some robots could build our buildings because we finally will be ready for ways that are going to produce them.
That means that buildings are going to make the rules of nature.
And this means that a piece of school in Michael Bell: Florida, can also be able to be able to make destruction or a surgery, or even you can get there in the night.
And this means that three architecture can be able to go on the Race Revolution in New York City -- and it will take half a million dollars of the community in the community of that cause -- it's no longer just a clinic.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little set of relationships, as well as the animals.
Because it doesn't matter if it's a value or a robot who built our buildings up.
It doesn't matter how we build -- what it matters is what we built in.
Areas already know how to make more economic buildings and more employees.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
And finally, we are not in opposite side.
They find a architecture and we work together and we work together to make better buildings -- better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only take our society, but they give it way to the most small spaces -- the local biologists, the men where we form our children, and the step of the drug to the ball.
Thank you very much.
This is my sales, Schware.
I just had a year and I started to walk out.
And it makes it a great way of the children in a year, short -- as if his body was moving too fast for their legs to it.
It is totally present.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the hope.
She really love his report.
It goes up and harmfulled, and it gives themselves those big basis and healthy.
It's beautiful.
And I mean, all his friends do this and my mom realize that I used to do it, and he made me think, when about doing this?
How is it that suddenly we're not going to do with our authority?
Because, unfortunately, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm a play?
This is Facebook, it has 13 years old and live in Death.
And as any assets, it just wants to be wanted to be wanted to be wanted to look at it.
It is a little bit of the night.
It's going to be prepared for the next week in school.
It has a little fear of fear -- it's a little bit, because despite his mom tell us all the robot that is beautiful -- every day in school, somebody tells him it's fantastic.
And what his mom tells him and what their friends are told and what their friends of school say, don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her same -- I put it in Collider, and I asked other people to leave a state, "I'm blank or I'm a phone?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 13 companies.
Some of these are so detailed, that I don't even have to think about them.
We talk about a blood seat, normal and correctly, that I received these response in one of the most vulnerable life in their own environmental life.
thousands of people are putting video videos like this, in their greatest kids trying to communicate this way.
But what is that going to do this?
Well, the advantages of today are not alone.
They are below being on the line and available all the time, talking about, clinically, giving me a little bit like that, showing me, shared, protecting it, it never ended up.
Never before we have been so connected -- in the way, in the way, so young as young as young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a phenomenon in his fourth every night every night.
There is simply no practice there.
And the social principles that go from the hand with that are improving.
This environment -- to be always connected to our children to get up on the number of the number of "I like you have and the kinds of states that they get in.
There is no diversity between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authority and what it is dead distance.
What is the most deployment in the life of someone in front of what is normal in a different context?
And where are you looking for institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are participating from the news of the girls now.
The street models are going to get out of our planets.
The technical technology is now a robot.
And you tend to be like, Alexander, Christmas, and shortcut.
For those of you who do that, she supported means profits as a pressure.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what your young people.
But the kids are not smart to this.
And as the subsidies of the destruction, and the recorders of it.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our children to create blood and they're very well incredible.
But in a culture in a culture, we are teaching our children to do more time and mental form to his application, to the price of all the other things of their identity of their identity of it.
And things like their relationships -- the development of their physical capacity -- their studies and others are starting to happen.
six of every 10 children are going to not do something because they think you don't see the basic enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and how you connect to society and the field of the laboratory development of the bottom.
17 percent, almost one of three arms are not interested in the classroom decades, they will be able to go into the air details because they don't want to call the attention for their physical time.
One of each five are not going to go into the classics at all.
And in terms of experiments. If you don't think you see the good enough -- especially if you don't believe that you are enough enough -- you will get a little bit less than the average of your companies who are not concerned about that from the application.
And this phenomenon has given in Finance, the United States and China.
And it gives us a lot of what they actually put these young people.
So so so so it goes out of the way we are talking about how you see you, not how you are.
The approach on your body is getting up the activity of the activity account.
And it's also playing the health.
The assets with a little bit less physical activity -- they eat less physical and values, they are going to be in the more healthy distances that can take them to a food development.
They have a correction down.
They are more excited by the people who go back and are in the largest risk of design.
And we think that's all over this for what they make more open decisions like the control of collection and diagrams, distances -- scale services, sexual relationships to the early age and profit and profit of advantage.
The search of the perfect body is paying to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we're not.
You know, women who believe they have a again again, including if you have or they don't have a lot of the activity companies.
The 17 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we were able to avoid this, what would that do?
Linker this potential is of interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, I'm going to talk to you, I don't take you very far away.
It's not a lot.
If you really want to change things -- you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first is that we have to focus on their own body.
We have to help our advantages to develop structures to develop the pressure of perfect images and build their authority.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many of a lot of different programs -- without getting the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that they follow our children is not only going to have a positive impact but also a horrible impact as well.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the influence of the family, friends and relationships of it.
So these six species are point for a little bit of citizens for any willing to provide an education in body activity that works.
One education is fundamental -- but we're going to focus on this problem it requires from each of us that we take the regions in the issue and we are a better model to follow the women and girls in our own lives.
It will detect the act of how women are seen and mentioned in our brains.
It's not good to tell us with the support of our politicians in terms of oil or the size of their paper, or to be able to identify that the democracy or the success of an object depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty of it.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not because they look at it.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and food that we put in our social network.
We can pick people down in their effort and their action and not in their application.
And let me ask you, when it was the last time they were going to make a specific specific?
Instead, we have to work together as community, like governments and as companies -- to change our culture, so that our children are going to come up with all their person to come up with all their person.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a paper.
To make a difference in the real world, we do that they are the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free of becoming the best version of them -- where the way they believe that they will have never come out of being the ones that they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Her wife?
Her brother?
At the day?
Her face?
Could it be just the woman who is at two feet in front of it. What would it mean for it if it was a light of that current voice in their interview, which is why it tells you not to have long legs -- we are more strange, a more plant -- a more plant -- a little bit more planting -- you know?
What does it mean for it if we were out of this and we would say to go back to their potential of that way.
Right now.
But let's teach our children.
We teach that the way you see it is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do -- and because of how they make us.
We including the car in our school.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the little groups of a year of today, they become a few of them to be able to change themselves in the same morning.
Let's do it.
And the five percent of North 1990s, a guy called Steven North Net to an hour in Mars and support the Bang Marine Kara, the leader of the Line Design Lessentian.
And we were not going to find it in front of it, but I'm going to be present by other levels of each other, in company of others -- they started to plan to about 12 feet of New York -- including terrorists, services and the Service of the United States.
By the end of those plants were used by an infrastructure of the FBI income.
They are a state of FBI in the World Congress Construction -- I couldn't avoid it.
It was going to be connected by their particles in that attack.
Stanford news is my father here.
I was born in Party -- President -- in 1950, being a European engineering -- with an American mother, with an American mother, between the first two did all the possible to give us a happy.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the State, that very few -- even most of the muscles, they get to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact with, you don't need a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all of religion -- in all of a human group -- there are always a little flow of people who are supposed to be so directly to their conversation that I think you have to use all the possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before he was sitting up with me, and he told me that in the last few weeks of week, he and some friends, had been going to the trial of a guy in London, to protect it.
He told me that I was going to be a next day.
We got to the plane plane that without knowing our group -- I was ready by the FBI person.
When I took my father to me, my father helped me hold the region in the man and explain to me how to put the goal to about 30 meters to me.
That day, with the last bacteria that I gave him to the small light on the goal and so on all of all, especially me, the whole goal is in called calls in called it.
My head went back to the other and she said, "Beauties "Big "The book.
In such a father as a child.
All of them made a lot of risk -- but just a few years later, I understood what they would look so thank you.
They saw in me, the same level of democracy that my father could cause me.
These people else were going to be connected to put up a computer with 600 miles in the subject of the North Treatic strategy in the North Congress of the North Congress Council, and I would take an explanation that killed six people and went to other 1,000 people.
I went to those men.
I call them "The "Big "The called the memory.
And when I went up, I had moved 20 times -- I had been able to go up for my girl didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started being able to feel a little bit about someone who was already time to start and put it to another city.
And as I was always a new face of the class of the class with family was visiting markets.
I had a secret of my identity to avoid to be the white -- but it will be the new of the class -- silence and religion, it was enough.
So most of the time the time was going to read books -- looking at TV or playing games or playing video.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills -- to tell you sure -- by growing up under failure, I was not prepared for the real world.
And I was ready to get to the people, and it was based on open individuals, like your arm or their religion or their religion of it.
So how could I open your eyes.
One of the first experiences that they put to test my way to think about it -- it was during the early electronics of 2,000 percent.
In a particular program in which I lost in the National National Center in Palestinian.
My group was found in the subject of the red violence -- like I had been visiting a lot of my life, almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of happen.
The members of this group came out of different process.
One day, towards the end of the conversation -- I found that one of the kids who had been done in the fact that we had been done -- was Japan.
I took a number of days to go back to the light and I realized that there was no food between the two.
And I never had had a friend friend and finally I felt very proud to have been able to see the ball that all life had made me believe that it was infrastructure.
Another critical moment came out when I got a job of saw in Bob German, a particular part.
I found me with people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience was fundamental in the development of my cartoon.
All of the life had been taught to me that the hospital was a piece and, for example, all the hospitals were bad information.
And by the way, I had the opportunity to work with them to work out there, in a spectrum, and I could see that several of them were the most exciting and less critical than I had seen in life.
It would have been used by a child, I developed a sense of impact towards each other, but it was not easy for me to try to treat people, exactly in the way that I would have wanted to be trying to be trying to be tried to be.
For that feeling I was able to control the structures that had taught me about a child, with the experience.
I don't know what that is to be hospital, but I know what it is to be running through something beyond my control.
Then I came up with the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
All the night, John Star made me be totally honest to my interviews, and I helped me see that the risk of people, the religion or sexual entrepreneurship, don't have anything to do with the career.
In many ways he became my financial fire in a moment where I was willing to do.
In observations, the inspiration can come out of it. And that a young shoe would have had a better influence in my life that my own father -- except, not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think about it, and she told me something that will connect in my heart.
She looked at me with the eyes of someone who has been enough enough with strange individuals and said, "I'm capable of going to support me.
At that point, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep to keep all that surgery in your interview.
My real name is not Mary Carity.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put it into a possible possibility?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody is going to be able to lead to violence -- I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path -- that even though I was connected to this visual investment and international income, I did not have to make it happy.
And by the way, I decided to use my experience to fight the temperature and against the private.
I do it for the values, and for their beings who were dealing with the decades and the presentations that the temperature has produced in their lives.
For the victims of the temperature to talk to those act with those resources without sense -- as I went to the action of my father, as I went up.
With this simple I'm going to get up here as a evidence that violence is not interested to any relationship or robot. That children don't have to follow the ways of their parents in their parents here.
I am not my father me.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that is project in their mind.
This is an amazing movie film here.
It's in 30 and it has sound sound from what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning of it.
Your film has a carbon, saving and text.
I feel your body, your doctor, your horse, your plant.
It has emotional and happiness.
It has remember, like moments of your infection that are project in your eyes.
And it has a survival voice in your flow of thinking about.
The heart of the film is you who experience all of you in direct here.
This film is your collection flow of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consumer is one of the fundamental truth of the human being human being being human.
Each of us is aware of us.
We all have an international film and you, you and you.
There is nothing that we know more.
And so I know I have a consequence of it.
I don't have a concept that you are consequence.
The concept is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware -- nothing in our lives would have sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most dangerous phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we consequence?
Why do we have these interesting films?
Why are we're not just robots that we have to produce to produce results without to experience the international film in the international film in the international film in it.
At this point, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
It suggests that to interact with science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it is impossible to be a science of the conversation.
The science -- for nature -- it's obvious for it.
The concept, for nature -- it's survival.
And so there can never be a science of the conversation.
Because for almost all the 20th century, you put that vision up.
The physics studied the behavior of the behavior, the neurons study the brain, but no one mentioned the consequence.
Even 30 years ago, when TED began -- there were very few scientific work on the conversation.
After 20 years ago, everything started to change.
News Crimes as Francisco and physics like Robert Penn said, "This is the moment for science to open the consequence.
And since then, there was a real explanation -- a film of the scientific work on the conversation.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of the consumer science in the recent years was the search search for a few areas of the brain and some of the states of the conversation.
We saw something about this guy in the family work that I was King Kanzania a few minutes.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the aware experience of seeing face or being able to feel happy.
But this is still a science.
It's not a science science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of quantum experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to tell you that this kind of work of the neurons that we have to do is some questions that we want to explain the concept -- the questions about what they do certain areas of the brain and what they are constructive.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not affect the neurons.
There are no easy problems with consciousness with it.
Well, I didn't open the real central mission of this way, why all the physical process in the brain has to be associated by the consequence?
Why is there a station in the survey station?
At this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give us a few years to the neuron.
It's going to become another entrepreneurs like the collectives, like the humanity, like life, and we're going to find experience.
The typical structures are all cases of emotional behavior. How do you work the collections, how do you work, how do you get up, and they get up and send the living organisms -- all of them are questions about the basic work.
That could be able to apply the human brain to explain some behavior and the human brain of the human brain as a employees -- how we walk on, how we talk about, how do we play roots, all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consequence, the questions about behavior are between the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why is it that all of the behavior is accepted from an electronic experience.
And here it is, the paradigm will be able to go out of the surgery, the proposal paradigm is actually not a lot to say.
I am a scientific material math.
I want a scientific theory of the car that works. For a long time, I took the head against the wall looking for a theory of the concept in physical terms that I work.
But at the end I got to the control that that doesn't work for similar reasons.
I think we're going to be in this point.
So we have a lot of wonderful experts -- we put it to this -- the physics explain to this, the physics explain the chemistry -- the biology explain the biology -- the biology is part of the physics.
But the trust doesn't seem to find in this way.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are.
On the other hand, we don't know how to apply that idea to our scientific vision in the world.
I think the concept -- right now, is a kind of animal -- something that we need to interact with our vision of the world, but we don't know how to do it.
And with an animal like this, you can need a radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that at the beginning look at lights, before you can deal with the concept of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Daniel, which is here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no very difficult problem of consciousness for it.
And all the idea of the idea of the international film is even sort of a kind of choice or consequence.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective workers -- the brains of the brain -- and this is what it has to study all that I need explain about.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the consequence of the sensitive consequence in the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many other people, that vision is pretty close to just recognize that the risk of the consciousness is substantially.
But I am in a different direction.
At the time that I have, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be professional.
The first crazy idea is that the consciousness is fundamental for it.
The physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental lab, the space, the time and the mass time.
They put fundamental laws that governments -- as the laws of blood or quantum medicine.
These laws and fundamental projects don't explain in terms of nothing more basic people.
By the way, they become fundamental -- and there is the world.
Sometimes the list of how fundamental it looks like.
In the 19th century, I discovered that you can't explain that you can't explain the economic phenomenon in terms of fundamental concept in terms of presentation, space -- and the market laws -- and then I put the basic laws of the experts, and they put the electrical cartoon as a fundamental concept that those laws are going on.
I think that is the situation that we found with the conversation.
If you can't explain the concept in terms of fundamental ideas in terms of public ideas -- space -- time, market, then because of the landscape -- you have to get the list of it.
The most natural thing would be to be able to put the trust itself as something fundamental -- a fundamental line of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly is not object of science.
And it opened the way to make it science to kill it.
And so what we need is to study the fundamental laws that are going to get the understanding of it, the laws that connect the trust with other fundamental consequences -- the space -- the time, the mass -- physical process.
The physics sometimes say that we want to want them to be so simple as simple that we can show them in a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple fundamental laws that we can show them in a show.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that consciousness can be universe.
Every system can have a big conference.
This vision sometimes is called simple, "Part for everybody -- period for the mind, every system is aware -- not just the humans -- not only the humans -- the boards, the ministers, even the microscopes of Robert Kara, the similar particles in the Bangalore.
Even a picture has some of the conflict of consequence.
The idea is not that pictures are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of antibiotics when you think about it, I always travel to the speed of light.
I can never be able to describe the regions and speak the regions?
No, that's not.
But the thinking is that perhaps the pictures can have some kind of sense of feeling -- survival, some of the evidence of the conversation.
This can be a little bit for you.
How do someone think something so collective?
And in part of this it comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental -- as the space, the time and the mass -- it's natural to know that it can also be universe, just like others.
It's also going to notice that even though the idea seems to us, it is much less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more with nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple and power laws of finding fundamental laws that will be thinking about the physical process, is visiting the trust with information.
And there is always the information of information -- there is consequence.
Problem of complex information, like in a human being a complex consequence.
It has a simple information of simple information.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuron, George Times, I took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical ways.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information that I call a child, which is going to get the degree of information in a system.
And I guess that he has to do with consequence.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible degree of information of information -- a big grandmother in front of it, a lot of consequence.
And in a mouse there is a huge middle of information of information -- as quite a pretty important thing.
But when it comes to the companies, microscope, particles, the degree of the daughter would say it.
The level of information of information is more, but it's not close to it.
In the theory of Technology, there still would be a different level of concept in it.
And actually they put a fundamental law of the consequence, high from the construction, high grandmother of consequence.
In fact, another reason is that the particle can help us interact with the physical world.
And the physics and physics have shown that the physics is consumers absolutely.
It described the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that goes down.
As Saturn Harvard, "Where does the beginning of the equipment for the engineers?
From the particular vision of the physics you can leave as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consequence.
That's what physics are basically described by the flow of consequence.
By this vision -- the concept is that I put it up in the equations.
In that view, the consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of activity.
It's right there.
This vision -- I think, the particular vision -- it has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and a pretty serious thing.
Some can be completely.
I used to think that I had nothing to eat anything that had consequence, so it should be version.
If you're a paradigm and access that vision -- having a lot of men.
I think I think that we think about it, this tend to transform your vision -- while what it matters in terms of different and moral conversations -- it's not so much the fact of the consequence, but their important.
It's also natural to ask it for the trust in other systems like computers as well.
What are there about the artificial intelligence system in the middle of the character.
Is it consequence?
By the vision of the particular information, she has a complicated information process, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
If this is right, they put a pretty serious problems on the course of the development of the developing systems of smart computer systems and the ability to keep them.
And finally, you can ask for the consequence of complete collective collective collections.
Does it have their own consequence?
Or to a more local level, a more local level, like the audience in a TED talk at this moment -- we have a TED condition, an interesting film for this whole group of TED, different from the international molecules of each of the parts of each of the parts of each of the parts of each part of the parts of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it is a question that has to take a serious question.
So this particular vision is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure about the first idea of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing than the second one, that it is university.
The view of a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like, how those pieces of thinking they connect to the kind of complex understanding that we know and love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way towards a theory of the serious conversation.
If you no, well, this is probably the most difficult problem of science and physics.
We can't wait for the night to the morning.
But I think we finally tend to discover it.
understanding the concept is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victor.
I had a very normal percentage of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends, I was focused on my beautiful sister films.
All of it was very news.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came back to my parents because I wanted to name for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very bit, but there is a huge problem.
She actually has not got anything --  and they were right.
I went to school, I had good news. After school, I had a perfect under my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "butter states the "The Sandini Sandini and "The "Care "California?
Yeah, I know it. What do you go.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
No one who can consider as a man if we take the detail out of the equation.
And years later, you're going to be in the second part of the teach in a high school school in Minister -- just about 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes a guy who had a guy who had got her hand and said, "Hey, when you give your designers?
And I said, "What do you do that?
Well, I had been talking about the laws of the difference for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, your
When the people in terms of robots, talk about interesting things in school in school.
By the end of the right room.
And it was when I realized me, this kid had had experience with people with designers as an institution objects as well.
And we are not. And it's not close to the guy, is to say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people are not our teachers or our doctors or our mathematics.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire them.
And in fact, I'm in this stage like what I do in this room, and probably you are going to be waiting for them to show them -- right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I was going to tell you stuff.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have made us in relationship to detail.
Yeah, have you sold the fear that the detail is something bad, at the way, Mars marketing.
It's a bad thing and living with a democracy makes you extraordinary you.
It's not a bad thing -- and I don't make it exciting.
And in the last few years, we've been able to protect even more this metaphor through social communication media.
It's possible that you have seen images like this, "The only slide in life is a bad activity at all.
Or this one, and this one is interview in improvisation.
Or this other one, before I went up, international interviews.
These are just a couple of example, but there is a great amount of them.
It may be that you have seen one of the child with no hands with a supply statistical by the base.
And you may have seen a child who goes up with a little bit of carbon fisheries.
And there are a lot of these images -- which are what we call a poster institution.
And I use the term political term -- because they share a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we're going to share the devices in benefit of the people with no democracy.
The purpose of these images is going to get them up, to make them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that it is my life, it could be better.
I could be that person person?
But if you're that person.
I've lost the number of the number of times that have been used to explain that you believe that I am worth or a source of inspired -- and this happens before my work had a public process.
It was as if I would be able to get me up for the morning and remember my own name --  and this is to consider.
These images -- those images care to people with designers in benefit of the people with no democracy.
They are there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their questions in perspective.
And life as a distributed person is actually a difficult thing.
We knew some things.
But the things that we know are not the things you can think.
They're not religious things to our body.
I use the term "The terms of "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The people who were working on the called social model of the design, which tells us that we are more distributed because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very close with him.
The things that I need to do -- and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as well as you do it, and that's what happens with the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common thing.
They are just using their bodies to get the best of their ability to get the best of their ability to get the best thing.
So, is it really just to put them into the way we do that, when we share those images that are going to share those images in order to share those images in order to share those images in order to share those image.
When people tell us, you're a source of institutional interview it as a complete.
And I know why happens.
It is a cause of metaphor, because they've sold us this device that democracy makes us.
And today, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm going to go up here, and you think about it, and you think, "Why are God -- you're not sometimes inspired by something.
And actually, I know that I do.
I learned from other people in the whole time.
However, I'm not going to learn that I am more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit to use the things that are going to be survived.  I will learn the terms of how to cut the battle of the mobile phone in the battle of the chair.
Gene.
We learn from the force and responsibility of each other, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that would explain and consider.
I really think that that woman that has sold us about democracy is the biggest individual.
It makes us hard life.
And that said, "The only slide in life is a bad activity, the reason that that is measure because it's not true -- because of the social model.
A lot of surgeries before a piece of school has never done it become a robot.
I never --           -- to be a television screen will not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to look at them for survival people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a free and taking a positive activity to get all those books into the blog.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to actually live in a world where democracy is not the except -- but the normal thing.
I want to live where a child of 15 years old, sitting in his paradigm looking at the "The Sandinn't Sandini Sandinity is not considered not to be in a site.
And I want to live in a world where we don't have so low experience of the people who are happy to get away from the field and remember our names for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we go back in a world where we came up with a lot of people, and I want to live in a world where a child from 11 degrees in a high school school in Mexico is not a little bit surprising that their new teacher is a subject of roots.
The democracy doesn't make us, but I will tell you what you believe to know about the rest of it.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the reality and the professional tradition, with the company?
And what is the average speed of a corrupt without care?
Unfortunately, today I just respond to one of those questions -- so please don't go away.
And when people think of really advanced, I think about "Man Redistance and in New Crime compared the hands in the air, but the reality is not science science.
The reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality is actually going to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phone.
So how do we get to the reality reality?
The first step is what it takes away, the Google Gorestal.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glansas is a surgery that allows you to see what I see.
I'll allow them to experience what is going to be a professional device in the field.
Right now, the only way of being in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a magic that you will get with their imagination of it.
We can use the Google Glansas, under a card and know what is going to go through the game of play to 100 miles -- the blood will get the ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 100 miles to us, trying to deal with all their be.
I've been there and I'm sure that it's not a lot of advance.
I brought some videos to show you what is to use the Google Glands under the car, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the NASA protection, because the idea of the NASA technology is a surgery going to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kantan, let's go.
It's hard to be taken.
A little moment.
Progress?
Come on.
Chris Kara, as you can see, is a present of what is going to be taken in the food field from the test of the test.
You have realized that they have people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of the University of Washington.
Market from field, Rosetonic 14. Really 35.
Arab eight -- Brazil Joe.
Chris Kara, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field -- but it doesn't have anything to do with being in the UNA.
They want that experience.
The friends want to be in the field -- it will be their favorite players, and they have asked me in California.
Or from a roof?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glansace, how do we get out of it, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Joe Rights, which is just a lot of you know.
The Red Read has been described as the most real virtual reality of the more real virtual reality -- and it's not going to be based.
And I'm going to show you why with this video.
Man: Oh, no.
No, no, no. I don't want to follow player. No.
Oh, my God, "Oh.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a man in a lot of a manufacturing motion for their life.
What will be the experience of a famous when we were going to make a video from Antarctica coming up with the line. It will be able to make a table with the arm before you go back and make a ancient and make an experience of a factor.
When I can be Mexico running up by the face -- giving the based on the back of the network? Or Facebook doing a subject in Washington?
What would you be their experience when it comes out of a mountain to more than 100 miles as a station of the subject set?
Maybe you have to increase the versions of places for adults.
But this is not really actually actually.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we make the real reality really, Robert?
We will take the reality out of the reality when the traditions, and you can see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it to make parts?
Because they always use the technology to win it.
They like to go to it. They give them money.
So here is a brilliant region about technology in the NASA.
And in 1999, the Police Poles put up to his field of field to play more fast.
And they won the Earth Bang that year.
Other team decided to get them out.
More people saw the page because it was more exciting because it was more fast.
In 1998, the NASA put radio in the careers of field and then in the devices.
They had more special because it was more fast.
In 2010, imagine that they are a game coming back to his group and you see his next game showed from you, in a plastic view that you can put it up. You will not have to worry about to forget a play.
Or to measure the structure.
They just come out to the field and recognize.
And the students want to do it because if you don't get their institutions, they lose particles, and they would be able to lose particles.
If you ask you to leave you as a transport.
And they don't want that.
But the reality reality is not just a lot of better structures in it.
The reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the particle.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be to have a camera in every side of the state having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the services of the substances and access, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is going to go into your players.
The good team will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information of information.
This difference to the good team.
So your team team will be as important as your records, and the data of data will stop to be just for news.
Is it also for devices. Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that they're the field of food.
You get the bacteria and you get the ball.
You look at a open recorder, suddenly a float on the left part of your view of your view of your vision is going to be able to go to you -- usually you don't see it, but the Robot system is adding.
You go back to the area of production.
Another float is going to be an open resource.
Ladies on the ball, but you would get up.
And the bacteria lost the transport.
You don't know where to deal with it, yet the relationship looks at their view a area of surgery that is exposed and it can make the face.
And it was advanced, and it took up and advanced and advanced.
The public audience has got the game from each college.
This is something that will create a massive emotional emotions in the wall.
It will make you a lot of people you see, because people want to live that experience.
They want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite game.
The reality is a part of the design because it's too far for not to be.
But what I ask you is, what do we want this to be the only use of reality really increases?
Are we going to use it just as a part of the horse and clothes, like our horse engineering?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
And I think we can use the reality of the entry in order to make the company between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is going to be a good thing for devices of devices.
You get thousands of dollars a year.
But how much does this technology look like a teacher in the room trying to show a face how girls are their action from the perspective of vision?
How much is this technology for a group in Uganda or Reducation trying to show the world how you live being performing?
How much is it going to also be for a Community Congress or an New Design Telescope trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of the traditional and Karens and Karens and Karens at the time.
Services and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- you know, as always about us.
Thank you.
And I recently was about 24 years of service in the South Park of California.
Most of those 24 years, I was able to put the extent out of the collection of Mars, which including the Google God Gore.
The bridge is a complete structure -- known by their beautiful view of San Francisco -- the Paul Park, and their own architecture is architecture.
Of course, it's also an entrepreneur for the surgery, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Google Gore was open in 1998.
Jesus States, engineer engineering of building the bridge -- he said that, "The bridge is probably to surgery of substances.
The substance from the bridge is not proposing or problems.
But from the surgery, more than 1,000 people have gone to their death from that point.
Some of you think to travel between the two days to take them to another diversity -- this bridge has been done as a way -- so every single from it would give you from all of your concepts and pain -- and the water.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to make survey.
After one every book of four to five seconds -- the body body against the water about 12 miles per hour.
The impact replaced the hospitals, some of the ones that are going to make visual resources.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually go into the interview water and then get up.
I don't think that the ones that take up this piece of survey is realize the death of the death that you will get in.
This is the career.
It except around the two topics, there are 12 tons of personal access to the ground.
This is where most people are going to go before the life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that environment, and in their most dark moment, it's very hard to bring them back back.
I took this picture last year as this young man was talking to a office to take their life.
I want to talk to you that we had success that day in order to bring it back on the ball.
When I started working on the bridge -- we didn't have any form in the way.
We used to get the way through the way through these called them.
This was not just a bad service to those who take the surgery, but the office as well.
We had a long way.
Today, you know, out of the versions and physical and physical the new officers.
This is Japan Gandhi.
I met it the 24 percent of the last year in the last year that I would get a call of a possible survival supply in the center near the center of the center of the center.
And I said, and when I came up, I looked at Japan talking to an office of the Google God.
James had only 12 years old, and I had lived up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had been flying up to here two times before New James to try to get out from this point.
After a hour after a hour talking to James, we asked us if we know the story of the Partie box of Paris.
It will remember the graph microscope, Berkeley created Park, and I sent her to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "No, you never open that water.
Well, one day, the culture was more than Paris, and she opened the box down.
And she came out of it, and they went up, and all kinds of bad against men.
The only good thing in the box was the hope.
So Japan asked us, "What if you open up the box and there is no experience?
And you have a bit of institutions, and you get on the right, and it went out.
And this kind of complete and smart and interesting of New Japan.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be very well, because the next day, the face of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan had lost it.
The collective data of the substance is to lots of people.
So I put them these questions, what do you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone love was surgery?
What would you do?
Do you know what would you say.
In my experience, I don't just have to talk to you, but you have to hear it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't know, you know, or you say to the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
It's just going to be there, you can be the point that they need.
If you think someone is surgery, you don't have fear of them and do the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "What in similar similar signals have thought to open their life, have you had these thoughts that have been thought?
It will connect the person in front of the front of the life and be the point of influence for them.
Other people are going to look at it, design, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve it, imagination, to believe that there is nothing that you can do to the rest of it, and a loss of the interest in life.
I got this talk to me about a couple of days, and I got a picture of a series and I would like to read her letter to it.
She lost his son at the age of this year, and I was wrote to this environment just a couple of days, and it is with his fish and blog that you read it.
"Help, Kenya.
It must be an experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this end of week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and you're going home talking about it to their friends to tell her friends, etc.
I am still a pretty important thing, but I'm going to notice more time to realize that Mars will not go home.
Michael was driving out of Peter to San Francisco to look at the part of the 35 with his father at the top of the entrepreneur.
I never got there.
I called the police of Penn and I wrote it out as a destruction that night.
At the next morning, two of them came back to my house and they took me that the car of Michael was down on the ground.
A telephone had seen it from the control to the 1980s of the day of the day.
Thank you so much for fight for those who can be too hard to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before wrong with a real mental disease.
It shouldn't be so easy to open with it.
My colleagues are with your fight for you.
The governments -- the Google Government is supposed to be a step through our beautiful bar, not a short.
Well, this week, Virgin standard.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and remember the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go out and go back.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
The 11 percent of 2010, I came back to a call for a little bit of surgery in the top of the bridge about the North top.
I put my mom up and I looked at this man and I looked at this man -- Kenya Bangalore, from fish in the air.
When I saw me, I came up with the back of the balloon, and it goes into that little topic that goes around the top.
For the time and a next half of the next time, I heard like Kenya, I talked about his definition and designer.
Kenya decided for his realize that day will come back to that room and give life another opportunity.
When Kenya came back, it makes it.
This is a new beginning -- a new life.
But I asked him, "What was what did you go back and give you the hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what I told me.
He said, "I listen to.
I left me to talk to me and just hear her.
A little bit after that, I got a letter of the mother in Kapan -- and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
He said, "You know, North Britain, nothing will go up to the events of the 11 percent -- and you are one of the reasons why Kenya is still with us.
I mean, I think Kenya was collaborating by help.
It's been designed with a mental disease.
I went back to Kenya when I only had six months old, I completely found out of all of those traditional radiations, but because of God, we now know.
Kenya is in order -- as it says it.
We give God for you.
And I was still in a decade with you, National Beat.
And at the end of it, she wrote -- Programmers, when I came up with the George General of San Francisco that night, you would have been like the patient.
"I know I had to survive it.
Now, Kenya, Kenya is a expensive father and an act of society.
I talk about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that their story is inspired to others.
The substance is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's people.
My grandmother was going to go with you.
That act -- even though I ended up to end his own pain -- I was looking at the opportunity to meet it.
This is what the survey does.
For most of the people, or those who consider the surface, they don't think about taking another person.
They just want their own distance to go out.
And by the way, this is only about three ways -- slower, the drugs or the death.
In my career -- I have been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the ground.
And in the ones that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other one was a man who talked about a hour.
And during that time, I got the hand in three oceans.
In the end, I looked at me and he said, "Well, he said, "Big it, but I have to go on.
And he went on.
Honest, absolutely hotel.
I want to tell you, yet that most of the people that we are going to focus on in that bridge is not going to.
In fact, those few people who have come from the bridge and live and you can talk about it, that one one or two, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave from side was realized that they had made a body and they wanted to live up.
I say to people, the bridge is not only connected with San Francisco, but also to people.
That connection -- or it shows that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be able to do.
You can put it out.
There's help. There is hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you feel what you are, but in your interest you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I have to be something only in that sense, but I'm not used -- in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had had the dream that I had ever had since a child.
My outside finally came up with my real interview, with my interviewed me.
By the other hand, the ones that I would get up to get out -- when I look at this picture of this picture I think, you know, you get Germany, you get it.
But the urban past, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting in.
All of us are going to take us our families -- our relationship -- our society, our moment in history, even our bodies in history.
Some of them have the value of limited, to get out of the limitations on the color of the skin or for the growth of those who are recorded.
These are people who always challenge the station that, which is going on.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neurons, many of my friends, a lot of my friends -- my antibiotics even made my story.
I think that this energy is called research.
This is the me.
They were recorded as "Big as a bit of the ball of my great.
I remember that my five years in the Fortuners, in my home, I always had a show in the head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that show in the head?
I said, "Man: It's my fish. I'm a girl."
I knew how to address.
The generation has always been considered a matter -- but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and music.
Because of my success -- I never got to share my story, not because I think it will be what I'm bad -- but why the world is about those of us who want to hear them.
All the days I will be a woman.
I have mother, and I have a family and a family who are doing me as I am.
Many are not so fascinating.
There is a long tradition in the advanced culture that has to celebrate the market of the government.
There is a drug distance of compassion there.
There is a hundred home, give them from the children.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a face in the Fortunes that I call these mathematics.
I was behind the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something would be sure -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called TED.
This is the direction of a bridge of broken beauty control.
That night she asked me, "Why have you not paid in the beautiful beauty?
He said to me that if it was going to be able to get away from the research and the vision, and that night, I won in terms of board, won in terms of blood and it was third end between more than 40 controls.
That moment changed my life.
And suddenly I was in the world of beauty researchers.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from the beauty of beautiful women, but I know I can.
I also met the design of designers, especially when we were going to go back to the recorders of the Forests.
But more important than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2010, my mom had been moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they did my solution of the green car that I could go to live to the United States.
I got up.
I said to my mother, "Man: I'm going to give my mother, "Man.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you moved to the United States you can change the name and the identity of generation?
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom seemed to me that I had two or my name.
And she also applied to me when I put me up in Taliban at the age of 17 years.
It is curious that in some of the most rural cities of Taliban actually get the most profound surgeries, supportive and security.
At that time, in the United States, it was needed to make the ability before you change the name and the gene.
So in 2010, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the conditions of conditions with the name of the name and the "Fantastic generation of the factor.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their distance of identity means power or could be able to get a transparency, but for me it was the freedom to live -- to feel a lot.
Of course, my fear had been missing.
I felt I could trust my dream and move to New York and to be model.
Many are not so fascinating.
I think about this woman in Medical New News.
A young woman in New York who usually lived their truth -- but that, short, put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our substance rate is eight times more than the rest of the population.
And all of the 20 of us will make a global vision for the Milky day.
I am in this stage for a long history of people who lose and went out of fish to the individual.
These are Mars Park.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the artist.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help the other people to live their truth without self-designed, and we don't fear it.
I am here, except so that some day there is no longer than 20 percent of North.
My most profound truth took me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Thank you Second, George, a quick question.
George Robotics, of course, you see, first of all, thank you with all my blogs.
In my support network -- my parents especially to my family, which is very strong to me.
I remember all of the times I've been able to give young women who have gone up with young women -- that I've been like, and sometimes when I was called me and told me that his parents could not get it, I took the phone -- I was called my mom and he said, "Man: You can call this woman to this woman work?
Sometimes it works -- other things -- it's just a genetic identity -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are going to get a group to the born -- and what I try to do is to put on the table the fear that sometimes you have some of the things that you know, and that there should be a space that allows people to allow people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents with colleagues.
The traditional movement is trying to share with the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood it.
There should be space for the curious and to make questions and I hope that you all are my shoes.
KB: Thank you.
In a lot of traditional societies and proposals, the parents are usually known by their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mary started his company for education by doing their rights in 2010, and when their forces were supposed to be the statistics in 2010, the National National Project of peace was made very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter -- but now I'm his father now.
Services and gentlemen, if we had a view to the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of individual, of the vision, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the primary society, right from the beginning -- when I was born a child, his born is not climbing.
It's not good, not for his father -- not for his mother.
The network comes in, gives their constructions to the mother and no one happy to the father to the family.
And a mother was opened a lot to have a child.
When it gives light to the first child, the first day, you put it up.
When it gives light to the second day, it goes up, and with the hope of a son, when they get his third day, it feels like a crime.
Not only the mother -- but the daughter -- the daughter was born -- when it comes up, I was going to go as well.
On the age of five years, when I should go to school, it goes home and school to his sister to their brothers in it.
By the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
You can make it.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move through the streets as a magic.
But when it comes into the application, when I was about 13 years old, you have to get it out of his house without a male activity.
It's connected to four walls of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the name of his father and their sister and their sister and his family and if you bring the code of that horrible surgery, it could even kill it.
And it is interesting that this concept code of home, not only affect the life of a lot, also affect the life of the family members of the family.
And so this sister is survival of their life and the happiness of their sister in the name of the horrible surgery.
And there is a number of the primary societies that is called a background.
It was supposed to be a good girl must be very strong, very huge and very surprise.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl has to be called called.
You know that it should be similar and that access the decisions of his father and their mother and the decisions of the antibiotics, even if you don't want it.
If the house with a man who doesn't like or if the house with a old man, it has to get it, because it doesn't want to be a device of destruction.
If you have a very young house -- it has to get it.
In the opposite of it, they call it device.
And what happens at the end.
In the words of a police, "The home, and then it gives light to more children.
And the survey of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of the surgery to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this corruption computer is contributed and control.
They wanted beautiful sister and beautiful, when I first was born Mars, and for the first time, I don't like the news records, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes and I would look at his eyes -- I was very horrifically.
And so much before I was born -- I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a free line of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Marine Manda, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I went up, they all were men, and I was going to go up and I went up with a line of my name and I wrote out, "Manner."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old I was in my school.
So you would ask you, why should I mention the advanced of a girl in a school.
Yeah, I should mention it.
You can give it by sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in traditional societies in the traditional societies -- is a great access for the life.
It would be in a school in a school of their identity and his name.
And a school to school means that it has come into the world of dreams and the advances where it can explore their potential for their future.
I have five brothers -- and no one of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I went up with the form of life, and I was in the relationship to the family, I couldn't remember the support of some of my brothers in my beautiful.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sister books in any distance.
That was the reason why I value my son, which is the reason that I value my day.
What my father could not give my sister or his children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to take the intelligence and the substance of my son, and I used to take the space.
I was trying to sit with me when my friends come to see it.
And I love to go with different relationships.
And all of these values -- I've been trying to be interviewed in their personality.
And this was not just for it, just for Mars.
I've taught all of these good values in my school to girls and girls per same.
I use education for empathy.
I teach my children, I teach students to forget the lesson of the army.
I taught you to students to forget the lesson of the called self-esteem.
They wanted to be beautiful and brothers -- we would fight for more rights for women, and we were working to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new perspective.
It was limited for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It's called the telescope.
That means a whole business of the potential of women in all of the political activity.
hundreds of school.
The girls were asked to go to school.
The women were forced to use leaders and stop going to the market.
The teachers were sitting down, the black girls and the support cars.
They would take millions of millions -- but you would talk to you to have all of those people who kill and keep when you talk about their rights for it.
It's really absolutely.
At the age of 10 years old, Mars went up and turned through the right to education.
I wrote a day for the white of the BRIS, and he had got her same for the New York New York Times and I talked to each platform that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It became a color around the world.
And that was the reason why the tables couldn't take his company and the nine percent of 2010, and they were going to go into the head.
It was a typical day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole there.
And while my daughter was going to go into the life and the death -- I was going to go back to my wife to my wife -- "I want to get out for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And then I said to me, "Why don't you hear me.
It takes the care together.
You put your life into the cause of truth -- by the cause of peace -- and by the cause of education, and your daughter will be inspired in you and you used it.
They were in the right way and God will protect it.
These few words would mean a lot for me, and I didn't ask me again.
When Mars was in the hospital and I had self-controlled devices and surgery distances of head because his favorite nervous was careful, I used to see a dark shadow that would spread through the face of my wife, and I used to look at the face of my wife, and I used to see it.
But my daughter never turned out.
So I used to say, "I'm well with my short stream and with my face.
I'm going to give you good. Please don't present it.
It was a concept for us, and we connect us.
You know, we've learned out of her to be learning from her how to replace in the most difficult moments -- and I'm going to share with you to share with you that despite being an issue for the rights of children and women -- it's like any 12 years old.
And I came when I didn't just get his task up.
It was focused on his sister and I'm very happy about that.
People ask me, "What do you have a special thing in my theory that has done so support to Mars so very, very exciting and experience?
I say, I don't ask me what I did.
I think I didn't do.
It didn't cut their rules and that's everything.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I went out of the brain about 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has been in a personal place.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently used to tell me that I recently used to go to my career, the distance of Google Google -- but all the work of Google 2000, but all the work that I'm going to talk today about here today about the science of the brain, I did it before I went to Google or outside my work there.
There would be that this, there is a structure when you sit into a brain.
Do you feel like institutions or right?
Is it going to be like that, could you be incredibly interested?
And then of course, I had a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the graphic material -- but it was the particular part of the center that creates important hours and neurons.
And then I was able to tell you how much one thing to do, from more than a couple of chemicals every day, because if I didn't take nothing -- die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combination and chemical molecules and try to get them, to keep with life.
More than one time I have come up with a little bit of a time.
But by the way, I have an experience -- so I decided that I would experience to try to get the food distances because there really doesn't be a kind of clear map that I say to be designed.
I started to try to test with different molecules -- and I was surprised to see how small changes in the designers changed my authority, my sense of who I was me, my behavior to think, my behavior with others.
And a particularly important case for a few months -- I was going to give you distances and chemical chemicals for a man, and I was surprised to see how my thinking.
I was always like, I thought all the time in sex -- and I thought it was the most smart person around the world, and   of course, a lot of times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the things that are going on.
It turned out as an except.
But my great surprise was that I was not trying to be artificially.
In fact, I was going to be trying to be trying to get a problem that had to the front that I had at the front of it -- and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't kill it.
I changed my doctors.
But I think that experience gave me a new access about men and what they have to go in, since then it takes me better with men.
What I was trying to do when I was able to make those hours and neurons and so on and so on, it was to remember my intelligence after disease.
I used to think about it almost in images -- and that became my key point of key resource, how I get those mental images that used to create propositions, my ideas -- if you want to try new ideas and make sure situation.
This kind of thinking is not new again.
Performances like Hello, Dentestence and men see things like that.
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing.
So today there are those who have this idea, and there are a lot of devices about how the mind works. To me, it's simple, for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking.
So after several years, I would find the right point and I have a lot of big mental lives, and they are really very slow, so survival and so on.
Now, I'm working on how to take very quickly these mental images of my mind to the screen.
You can imagine what happens if a city is able to use their images to use the world that you have to deal with the world that has to the front of the front of the front of the front of the world?
Or if a music could explain the music of your head.
There are incredible possibility with this, like the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only difference to do this is just to increase the relationship of our brain symptoms.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to get this with two recent experiments that are done by two groups that are based on neuron.
And both of them used the Ireland technology -- image for a functional resource, to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scale made by George Galians and their colleagues of Harvard.
The collection of the left shows the brain of a person who looked at a picture.
The collection of the middle shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same picture.
The quality of the right is created by recognized the control of the center of the left -- you see that the difference is almost note.
And this is a many different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images always with a similar results.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine to see that same image is almost change.
Now, let me share you another experiment -- this is from Japan Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They were able to turn the brain waves in the recent visual field in the record.
We put this way.
In this experiment -- I showed the people hundreds of hours of Collider while their brains were looking at their brains to create a great risk of the brain to the video sequence of the brain.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as so much of them would get a new school.
The computer -- using just the brain information of the school did it to show what it seemed like the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the conditions of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us back.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was taken up with the brain brain systems of the greatest revolution today, and their relationship was invented as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the relationship about a thousand times more to get a more profound view.
How do we do that?
There are many technologies to do it.
One is going to open the concept and bring electronics.
I don't care for that.
Many of them are producing new technologies of protect for images -- even me with the recent result of the IDEO, first we need to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more relationship is with the bigger instruments, but to this point, even more big strangers are only very much better in the relationship -- not increase for thousands as we need.
And I put this idea -- instead of the bigger images, we will make better images.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules like doing a surface.
And why does this matter us?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort in the Iran was to make really big images, right?
However, most of the resources that are recent in terms of individual solutions and bridge and destruction, in terms and destruction, in the traditional recorders in the CEO systems in the CEO.
At the same time, instead of a huge magnetic field -- we use a lot of marketing states to the factors of French Francisco.
So when you change the mobile patterns with the patterns of the prison of the principles of the France Francisco, we can actually increase the information that you can get into a single site.
Also, we can be able to deal with our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When we use the CEO we should be able to measure not only the flow of the really depressing blood -- but the horses that I've mentioned and perhaps even the right neural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in the digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go out of the language of language and communicate it directly to the thinking.
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the real human thinking without film?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are great questions.
It would be interviewing to use it as a tool to affect our skills of thinking.
And certainly this same tool could lead to the face of Alexander and similar disease.
We have a little bit more likely to open this body.
In all forms -- will you get a year in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I would take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night about coming out of the artist, and not in a traditional sense, not just from the gay shoe.
I think we all have artists.
His goal may be saying to some person for the first time that the love or telling someone who is surprised, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have been based on life.
It's all a difficult conversation -- and even though our issues can be able to go up -- the experience of having lived and would have come out of that artist is a universal thing.
It gives me, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South World World Campaign, and I'm going to be there, I had to take a number of ways out of the interview of the light of the light microscope, not to go back to my ants, and I would tell the Labs from the Agradio I gave Frank as a law.
And it will be convinced that by the course of my short screen and because of the head of my head -- I would ask me a little bit of a little child -- "Oh, you are girl or girl?
And it would look like a sense in the table.
I was going to go up with my mother a little bit more, I would take my career with a piece of robot.
The father will be able to put the penguin and the mother would take a friend looking at his child.
But I would not say nothing -- and I would go through it.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I asked me that the next time I would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks ago, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a girl?
A family, but this time, this time I was ready and I was going to go back and go back and go back and go back in the minds in the table --   I had the Bibles Frank French.
The Galapagos States Service.
Even a factory of the Montana Montana to show you.
And so I'm going to take you up and I went up and I went up with a couple of four years old with a few years, and looking at what it's not a challenge for a family room, just a girl with a question: "You are girl or girl?
And so I would go back to me again, and I came up with a little bit about it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a little thing about it.
And I have the short ice like a girl -- and I saw a girl -- but I am a girl -- and I am a girl -- and you know, like you like to use a robotic video, and sometimes you like to use a collection called.
Well, I am more than a child of a collection called a collection.
And that girl looked at me, and I looked at it, and he said, "My favorite paradigm is violence and it has a fish.
You can give me a path, by facility?
And that was all of all, and it was -- OK. You are a guy.
What's going on with the particle that I would pay?
It was the most easy conversation.
And why. Because the girl of the patient and I, both of us were honest with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some of us, in my life, and yes, in fact, my walls used to be a robots.
But inside it, you can't know what color is the wall.
You just know how one is being living in a shoe.
This is how my goal is not different to your or the you.
You know, I'm going to give you 100 reasons about why I would come out of my own artist was more difficult to get out of the surgery, but this is the issue -- it's not a relationship of it.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can say to explain somebody who has been written in the right based is more difficult than saying that it's been an advance?
Who can tell you that this story is more difficult than telling your son from five years that are going to be distributed?
There is no more difficult thing, there is only the difficult thing.
We need to stop trying to fight what is difficult to what it's hard for another person to make them feel better or worse in relationship to our ancestors and we need to just feel company because we all live something hard.
In some point in our lives, we all live in artists, and you can make them feel security -- or at least more security than the other side of the body.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what their words are made -- a shark is not a place to live.
Thank you.
So I had a called calculation, a video and shoes of high street.
It was not the millions that was presented to fight against any of four years to go into the country.
And I was connected by the fear of the fear of my dark and a dark shoe by going up with my favorite galaxy, and the moving only one is the most amazing thing that I have ever done.
My family, my friends, my friends who I've spent my entire life trying to do that, and now the world was going back to the property.
I was looking at the pages of a free that we all have been all over time, but if you don't hear that thank you, you will kill you.
And one of my most mental grandfather streets was in the sheep of my beautiful.
It was the first time that many of them knew that a lot of people knew that it was government, and I would do my own books of home, in my black sea and gentlemen, and I finally came to one where they were the friends of my parents, people who met me years ago.
And after I'm going to talk a moment, one of the grandfather women, "I love National Laboratory Lab.
And the galaxy of the government was starting in.
"Oh, you ever were in the Cambridge?
"Well, yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fascinating?
"Oh, you know my state Alexander?
It's very good and has never talked about having a number of collection?
"Oh, what is your favorite television program.
Our favorite program and Greenland and Greenland.
And you know who we love us?
James is our favorite factor.
And then a woman. And then a woman. But in order to show you how to show her support -- to make it know that I was from my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my wife use recording companies.
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as they have all of the grandfathers in front of it.
It might have been easy to figure out where they feel sharing.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were supposed.
And what else can you ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody to ask somebody
If you're going to be an authority with someone -- you have to be prepared for the authority that you have.
This is how the hard conditions are still not my strong point.
They ask anyone that I have gone out.
But I'm better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Parkinson's Parks.
Now, please see this through the gay perspective -- but they understand that what I want to get out of any food is essentially the same.
Number one, they're alien.
You get the tradition. They're yourself.
That girl in the coffee didn't have a company but I was ready for the bacteria.
If you want someone to be generally, the other people have to know that we also know.
Number two, they will just do it -- it's just going to do it. They will get your parasites.
If you know that they are gay, I will do it.
If you say to their parents that maybe they might be government, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three and more important.  Let's leave the complexity of it.
You communicate their truth.
You know, you know, you get out of that.
And some of you can go out and go up with some of what they have done, but they never get out of what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel destroyed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write about.
So the next time you find it in a dark dark -- you have to know that we all have been there before.
And you may feel very us, but they're not.
Thank you.
Audience: What is that?
If we look at the story of how the intelligence has been seen -- a private example has been the face of Stanford Sandini that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a substance can be able to say?
And when San Disposa wrote this as a computer to the pieces of information as Alexander Turkey.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental medical metaphors of the intelligence.
Let's take a step back.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an advantage -- that you don't know anything from the Earth, which you don't know anything about the Earth of the Earth -- but they have incredible temperature and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions of years old.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a result, we know that reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact of it.
But if they are from a sense that you don't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about the Earth, and they would be used to develop a physical theory that would explain how to explain how to a certain time in time, the adults that support the surface of a whole planet.
And so I guess that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence in it.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I found a variety of issues through science through the science through a lot of distances, which would be -- I think, towards a single metaphor of intelligence.
In terms of example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally used for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the college states that make the diversity of possible future.
And finally, in the production of robotic movement -- there has been a variety of recent technologies that have tried to bring up the skills of robots to make the future future of action with the end of doing complex tasks.
And so take all of these different issues and put them together -- I asked them, from a number of years ago, there is a computer metaphor for the intelligence that we can get out of all these different shows?
Is there just an equipment for the interview for the interview for the interview for it?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most close equivalent to a record of the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a profit that the intelligence is a force -- Five, that act with the end of making the fundamental future.
In order to kill the future future of action -- or to keep the open options, with a forest forest, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to a very future time.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be administrated.
The intelligence is trying to kill the future future of action and keep the open options.
And so I have to tell you this room, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
So what does it do?
Is it the level of human intelligence.
Is it going to pay the artificial intelligence industry.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing aspects of this simple.
National researchers, you know that the universe who produce more destruction, or "companies during their life should have a lot of the most famous conditions for the existence of smart beings like us.
But what's going on if that connection consumer between entrepreneurship and intelligence is a more profound relationship to a more profound relationship of it.
What if the smart behavior is not only connected with the production of the long entrepreneurship production -- but that actually comes out of it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software of software called English, designed to kill the production of the local industry in any system that you find inside it.
In fact, English could be able to spend a lot of an animal research, play games of human intelligence -- and even to make money by taking access to access -- all of them who would have learned to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
At the same way that a piece of fish without stop, here we see the English with a little bit using a career.
This behavior is not a little bit of a part because we never gave me a method.
I just decided for your mind to get the police.
This ability to be advantage for the human robot and human attack.
This kind of use of tools will have advanced in the smart and the advanced way.
Now, as a few other animals can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a lot of a body at the same time to clean the food, here we see that India can make a version of the model of the model of that.
This computer capacity has really interesting consequences for economic plastic and in a variety of other field.
English is amazing to a variety of diagnosis.
For example, here we see it exactly to play a game game against themselves and put their potential for play.
So here we look at England to open new conditions in a social network where friends are connected by a little bit and it goes up with success that is good consumer.
This same capacity of network is also active in the quality of health in energy.
So here we look at India to organize the rocks of a bank flow, discovered with success and using the Cambridge Cambridge to explore the global level of the Arab to the Parkinson's Park.
And in the same way, England is extremely adaptable to problems in the activity of authority, magic and transport.
And finally, here we look at India supposed to figure out and pick up a state of work, come into a series of action of actions, especially looking at the activity under their experience on their experience.
This ability of risk is going to have access to food and security.
Alexander Walls, what you have seen is that a variety of human human human behavior of tools like the use of tools -- would walk together and the social combination -- all of you are going to get out of a single car, which leads to a system to make their future future of action.
Now, here is a professional process.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the red term -- the work worker, there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines -- there would be a child brain.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the block relationship to the invention of it.
It's not that machines first become smart and then, and they try to move out of the world.
This is the whole thing, that the impact of taking the control of all the future future is a most fundamental first than the intelligence of the intelligence that the general intelligence can actually be able to make the control -- instead of going to be.
Another important consequences is the search of the object.
They often ask me, how is it to look for objects of this kind of market?
And I was going to be able to be able to be able to help us build artificial intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence -- is the following -- the intelligence must be seen as a physical process that try to kill the future future of action and avoid the relationships in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the control of stars and lose the planet we call "The "The "The "The "The "The police we call "The "The "The "The police.
Now, in the last few years, we have taken a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth was in the context of the universe.
The National mission of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that are going to grow around other stars -- what I think the Earth is just one between the thousands of planets of our galaxies in our group.
Kenya is a space that's a space that shows the state of the stars when the planets are going on from them, and they get a little bit of that light that comes up.
The data recorders in order to show the size of the planets of the planets that are between them and their stem star in it.
In fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get out of their substances.
At the same time, this gives you about if these planets we find are hardware or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this kind of powerful world in our own planet -- our own planet is getting down under the weight of humanity.
Last year was the most religious career.
Thank you and international ice that have been with us from a thousand people now are going to be destroyed in a matter of decades now.
These environmental changes that we have taken to global scale have been supposed to be able to get out of our ability to open their care.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no ancient.
But I study the ability of the planet on the stars of the stars with the hope of finding places in the universe where to find life beyond our planet.
You could say that it would look for the extraordinary opportunities in the international sector of the interview.
Now, as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe -- I can tell you that the more we look at similar planets to the Earth, more than our own planet.
Every single one of these new world is invited to a compassion between the planet, and the planets that we know better -- our solar system.
Let's take our neuron, Mars.
Mars is small and right and despite to be a little bit more from the sun -- can be able to consider a very hard world to show this for a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been hard in the past, and in part of it is why we study so much to Mars.
Our voices like "The Chinese record their surface in order to look at the organisms of life as well as we know it.
And the substances that the organization, like the Michael mission -- they take shows of the marketing atmosphere and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability to lose their ability to lose it.
And the private companies now offer not only a little bit of spaces, but also the chance of living in Mars.
But even though all of these magic images remember us to our planet, places that are limited in our imagination with the interviewed ideas and police, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live in.
We take the existence of the destruction areas of our planet that are still going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to collect with Mars.
Even in the most dangerous places of the Earth and the air of the Earth is fragile and record of oxygen by our traditional forests to thousands of miles of distance.
I worry that this interest for Mars and other planets are going to be a big and strange planets -- and the understanding of some of them who Mars would wait there to save out of this active action of the only planet that we knew that it's really hard, the Earth.
For a lot of that I like the international explanation -- I am in a process with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars but to say Mars will be there to save the humanity is like to imagine that the care of the Earth will allow us to be able to actually have a place that is more high in the salary boats.   Thank you.
But the objects for the international explanation and the temperature profit is not controlled.
No, they are actually face of the same money, the goal to understand and improve life in the future.
The environmental environment shows in our world as a serious proposals.
It's just more about home.
So if we can understand how to create and keep high space space, in the digital areas and the heart areas of the Earth, maybe we could make the need to pay our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment -- the piece of Finance.
A lot of years ago, the European physical physics asked that our universe has come from a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have been found from the existence of life life until now.
Well, where do they are.
Well, a possible solution to the period of fish is that when scientists become enough enough enough to continue to continue to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the organization of the planets that they put this development out.
It is hard to think that only the international color will save us out of ourselves, but the planets and the planets are going to work together.
If we really believe in our ability to stay in the horses of Mars for the human presence -- so we should be able to avoid the street even more easy to predict the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And as I was in the front page looking at my balls, I realized I didn't have the clothes.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the table of the food, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all of the other bodies and visions, and they were all pretty close to.
I thought I was going to call a cartoon, at least had my cell -- but at the mind, a circuit could take a lot of time in coming up, and he was made a face.
I couldn't go back to my friend of my friend to spend at night to spend night to the night to Europe to the next morning, and I was able to go out of my passion and my man.
It will be able to look at it, but I sure it's not more expensive than a character at the middle of the night, so I thought, as I was going to move out of the circumstances, it would go up very well.
I am a piece of teacher and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
Life companies that I increase the heart rock, modern levels and college the thinking.
And when I got to the show of the factory in the action, I realized I didn't have my passion.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without dead.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in their place, which will make it happen.
Or at least if you have bad things -- that they kill the chance that it is a total care.
So I put me to think about that, but to a month after my thought didn't make them created.
And I was walking with my colleagues Daniel Kara, and a little bit, I talked about it that I came back to the Vinosaur, and I was told that I had forget my passion, and David bought me that I had been playing something called a personal research.
It's something that he had learned from the Galapagos Gallery Kapan, who had written from this a few years before, I know how the price is.
You all know what the police is.
Every time there is a destruction, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the end, as a David Dan, you look at the ant and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong with it, and you try to figure out what it can do to avoid things that are going on or to kill the day.
So what I want to talk to you is some of the things that we can do in the form of a profession.
Some of them are enormous, other people are not so exciting.
I'm going to start with the objects.
In the house, it will do a place for the things that are allowing you to be enough.
This sounds common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that I support this text, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called home, which has evolved over thousands of years, which has evolved over a sense of the important things, where the good, where the fish are, which is the fish -- which is the front trees -- where they live the friends and energy.
The happiness is the part of the brain that was running up in the Labilians of London, in the London.
This is the part of the brain that allows them to find their own.
And if you ask you if someone really did the experiment -- they brought the sensitive sense of the artists and even so they could find their own.
They didn't use the shoe, but the hospital, that very evolution of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose the car of the car.
So in home you want a place for the clothes, a galaxy next to the door -- maybe a device plant.
And for his passion, a particular career.
So for their games of reading -- a particular mission in particular, a particular mission in life.
If you do a place and they are strategic with it that their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the roofs?
They take a picture of the cell care of their creating cartoons, literature -- speed into the face of themselves so that they are in the character.
So if these things are lose or the region, this can make the solution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
You remember when it's under states, the brain.
And the cortex is a top of the thinking.
So part of the program is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems on his site in his site in it.
And there is perhaps no more sensitive situation that when you face a medical decision in it.
And at some point, all of us will be in that situation of having to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one to be wanted to help them with a decision to them.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medicine.
But this is just like a principle for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact for the terms of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take a robot that is going to make a radical exploration of the fact that you need to.
So we knew that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I have got the result of the lab and the color is a little bit about the street.
And all of you know that the high color is associated with a greater risk of clinical diseases -- they go to the heart of the heart.
So one is thinking that having the right color is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to give you a doctor that will help him reduce the colleague, a state of the state.
And maybe you have already heard about the states, and it knows that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today -- it's also likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, you get the state of the state.
But there is a question that you should do then, a strategy that has to be able to ask that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the manufacturing companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, North North North America.
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a surgery in any medical process before you help a person.
And should you think about what kind of statistical structure is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor will not get to me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not close to the doctor -- and if it is surgery of someone -- is the scientists like me.
We have not understood very well the forests of it.
But the School schools that 90 percent of the drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to try to try and try to try to try and get the most amazing way that you think is it?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person to help a person.
300 percent.
And this is the research of the collection of the Collider Constitution and Park Harvard, which is interviewing individual for Berkeley.
I'm going to explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I avoid a single shoe of heart -- brain or another event experience.
Now maybe you might think, "Well, one chance in 300 of us to get my collection.
Why don't you do that, digital for all of them was all the resource.
But then you have to ask up for a more, and it is "The "because of the school effects of the school experiences? Right?
For this particular medicine, the school effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those including things that are terrible things -- which is supporting molecular and architecture, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, even if you take the medicine.
But a moment.
They remember that under these things don't think of class.
So you think about how they love this with time, so they don't have to make the rate of the reason in the act of the act in the act of the act in the car.
300 people take the factory, right?
You have 15 times more likely to go out and go out and go out and go out and go out and be able to come up with the medicine.
I don't say that they were or not going to take the way.
I just say that you should have this conversation with his doctor with it.
The medical guy requires it -- it's part of the beginning of information income.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to increase the conversation about if you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've taken this number on the air for the value of it, but actually this number needs to try to try and try to try and try to try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to try and try to treat
For the surgery that most of them are done in the older men in the top of the cancer, the number of cancer, the number needs to try to try and try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to try to try to try and try to treat
And so it is, 35 characters for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in the 50 percent of the patients.
And those include the impact or survival organization, interviewing strange, reliable line, increasing factory.
And if you have strong and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just would just take a year or two.
So the idea of the program is to think about time the questions that you can be able to be able to be able to make the conversation.
You don't have to get all of this in the act in the act of it.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an opportunity for a lot of times, they want a more short life of pain -- or a more long life that could have a lot of pain to the end.
These are the things that talk to you and think about now, with their family and their own beings wanted to.
You can change it in the quality of the moment, but at least that you're interested in this kind of thinking.
They remember our brain book under this, and one of the things that happens at that time is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
You know, you know, it is not need to be the digital system, or the limitation or the limitation system, because if the body is spending the molecule in those things, I don't remember with recorders. You could get to be the food, so nothing of that matter.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window for those moments of stress is the right thinking, like David Kanzania and their colleagues have shown up.
So we have to try to think about the future to these kinds of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all definition.
We are all going to get out of time in the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those fantastic.
It will go back at the night at the night of the night in Montana, when I came from my journey -- my focus was interested by a combination of combination along the door with a decade of the door in the same.
And I have to make sure that I still have monotors that I have no corner that I have not done -- and you have to move out of the reason that I haven't read it.
So I am not a very organization -- but I see the organization as a big process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
India, President, "Is that my favorite medicine symbol.
It means to be able to take surgery.
If you're taking a musical instrument and you see a piece in the way, you need to take more supportive.
Two of them, even more surgery.
four of them, extremely surgery.
This is my head of a ball tree -- there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of people can have never got to be a similar completely complete.
That is my definition of simulation, a very dark sound.
I would like to share a little bit about the history of the American system in the South American system -- the AIDS of a little bit of my own story.
The French language came up during the 1970s -- and with the step of the time, and the step of the time, and it was made with local sites, and it developed the language that we know as AIDS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born surgery. And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I believe it was true.
However, now I realize it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, actually are in my mind every day.
As a serious person who lives in a world of sound -- it's like if I live in an extraordinary country -- following their rules -- completely their rules and normal and normal neighbors without them.
So how do you understand the sound sound?
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are like my advances and they affect the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound -- and I've seen how people answer it.
So I've learned -- for example.
"I don't get the board.
"You don't do a lot of noise at the beginning of the primary paradigm paradigm.
"I don't think, and when you are common, they will not go to the corruptions in the plane.
This is all called sound station.
Maybe I think about the sound of sound than the average person does it.
I'm kind of able to get the sounds of the sound.
And I'm always waiting with neuroscience to the sound -- which is going to come back to control.
From there, this document.
TV: I would decide to do.
TR: You will be able to get on.
TR: I would be able to add.
You can see that the paper is not in the line.
That is because the lines are already sound through the sounds of service and shoes.
In the substance culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for President in the AIDS.
A typical percent has five line.
However, to me, I will do this with my population and so it doesn't feel nature.
This is why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artificial responsibility there.
Before this time, I had worked as a piece.
So during this video, I came up with molecules and space and different gas, and while I was from a place to another place, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, the sound was the trend and that I call me the attention.
There was no visual art, all of it was an authority.
Now the sound has come into my own art.
Is it going to make me more than the art.
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that not only is it in the ears.
I can feel it in the way, or I can experience it -- or even like an idea.
So I decided to give me the sound of sound and turn it into my artificial program.
And everything that had taught me about how much to sound -- I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new work.
And when I put it to the artificial community, I was inspired with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
I realized that sound is like money -- the power -- the power of the control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an object -- it was something about a young person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could bring me to me and my artificial work, or I could get it out.
I thought I was going to make me.
There's a magic culture on the language of the language.
And only because I did not use my free voice to communicate the eyes of society is like if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can be able to support the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be religious in the current society.
So in school, in the work and institutions -- I work with many different individuals of AIDS.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening to me.
And their voices have value.
You know, when you lose their voices -- I am able to keep a form of value of value something like that, like to take a program with a very high way.
If you don't keep with this practice -- I feel that I could go into the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound as my new artificial half the world of music.
And I was surprised by looking at the situation between music and AIDS.
For example, a music doesn't be able to cut and explain in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AIDS.
And the two are very special and extremely modern than what it means to be able to affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds of the sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the protection, so that they get better how the GDP works.
So, imagine a piece.
The GDP is designed in a lot of different ways.
If you make a different part for every single period as the physical expression -- as the physical expression -- the movement of the body, the way the way, the shape of the hand and like that, as you put the piece, the English is a legal language as if it was just going to be just a television at the time.
However, the GDP is more like an act -- you need the 10 feet in a similar way to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just have a television to change the act, create a completely different meaning of it.
The same thing is going on with the music in how much of it is going to go and fly and fly up.
In AIDS, when you use these different grandmother systems, you can explain different ideas.
For example, the signal speakers in that?
This is the signal speaker in that?
I'm looking at you.
So looking at the state.
Oh, I was saving.
One one.
What are you looking for?
Oh, basically.
So I got to think about it, and if I see the AIDS through the lines of the music.
If I had to create a situation and you get it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the site of Darwin, the sun comes up and put it up.
This is all the day.
If you get it up and reduce the speed -- I literally look like a musical piece of medicine.
All the day.
I feel that the same thing can tell me about every night.
All the night?
This is all night at this point.
And this led me to think about about three different types of night, "Okay, "Hey night --   "The night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
And this represents how the time you take at AIDS and how the direction of the body can express changes in time.
For example, one has been a hand, two dollars. It's two hands -- the present gets more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the scale.
So the first example is a lot of time.
Then I was looking at the law and the last one, which is my favorite idea, with a very brilliant idea and distance at the same time, "I would have a time.
"The community is a medical term with a specific space of four times a lot.
However, when I look at the word "The word "The Command "The story I think about the same time.
You see, you can see right hand -- Ministocrat, hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the paper.
(Music: Man:
Can you do it with me?
All of them with the hands.
Now we're going to do it so much on the head as the paper, something like "The Chinese or "The same time time.
Yeah, very well.
That means "The international system.
The international system, as it is a visual tool to help us communicate in all of the culture and language language across the world.
The second I would like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And right now.
It means "companies in the AIDS.
Now, the third one, please go back again.
And again.
It's "The "The "The "The AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Look for "The "companies and "The "The "The "boys?
Good work.
You see how the three sites are very similar -- they all happen in your head and dark -- but they continue to be very different.
It's amazing to see how GDP is living and present, as the music.
However, we live in a very high world.
And only because the GDP doesn't have sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value is and allow us to develop their own value -- without sound.
And this might be a step to make a more including society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be a way to learn AIDS.
The AIDS is a record and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I would like to send you to open their eyes, open the eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can get out of us.
Thank you.
Danger Kingdomin, today, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can do it all, but then you have to leave them to it."
And the freedom of responsibility.
But my imagination took me all these wonderful places where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a piece of intelligence or a blood bubble I have to say, because the adults are moving to protect them to protect them from the truth.
When I get bigger -- I was trying to make sure that the adults as well.
The time -- now I am a paper and I teach citizens and research in the Harvard school of Home Kara.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk on the ball of the ball with mothers of back.
So as good as good citizens -- and no, you know, it's not going to go down, and if it is, I didn't know.
It is a train to say, but now more than 80 percent of the oceans are planning plant.
It's kind of simple.
And in the last decade we have been coming out with these big boats and gentlemen, to reduce those plastic pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we put them together and we put this information in a map.
But I went up to a engineering and it is very expensive and it's also very close to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years, we are going to invest a better way.
We have transformed our slide in Home Kara in a street.
We began to build this kind of work of work with advanced children so that the kids are also going to be able to make them happen.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who make electric tools are really great and security.
Not exactly it.
Let's go back to the planet.
We take the plastic and we put it back to the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because it's very small.
That we do.
I left it to the image of my students in my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to share them in something that we expect to work.
We decided that instead of getting planets of plastic particles, we just will get information.
And so the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited by the robot.
And then we created quickly what we call a protection called "The protection.
We are so fast in the creation of products that we ended up before I went down.
And then we took lights and companies in action and we put it into a fantastic robot that will move on the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot.
We look at the plants of plastic walking across the site as the computer computer will be able to make this image and measure the size of every particles to get a strange school from the amount of plastic in the water.
We draw this invented back in a website in a website for investments called "The "Starter with the hope that someone better even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and I thought, they're trying to solve it.
And I can invest my local problem, but my students in Harvard Korea are very well infrastructure.
You see the news -- you see the Internet, and they took this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, I would just use a oil destruction, just using the hands -- in Sans, the largest sale of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that young people, is the water in which you get down, the water where they said, the place where they live.
You can also see that the water is manipulating -- the boat and the oil are also collaboration and when all of it gets up, it's very hard to see what in the water.
But there is a simple technology called special technology, which allows you to see what there is in the water.
We built a first product of a hope that can be able to get through all kinds of surfaces that produce different species that produce different species that can help identify what there is in the water.
We had this program with a sensor and we went to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solve a local problem, or to make a local problem, my students use their company and their sense of creativity to help other children.
And I can invest a problem to a little bit of distance -- I saw a second experiment -- and I wanted to go a little bit more far down, maybe to take a more difficult problem, and also more close to me.
I am a half together and millions of French and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a short team in Japan in Japan.
It was so limited that they have a lot of girls -- called the gas collections, and those issues they developed several cities in the cost of Japan this one.
More than 14 people died in an instrument.
It also gives the number of nuclear energy in France, a nuclear central center to water.
And today, according to the activities an average of 300 tons are still finished from the nuclear plan in the Palestinian ocean.
Today, all of the Palestinian ocean has computer corruptions for 1984.
So if we go to the cost -- we can measure the face of Florida everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the architecture came out of the radio collection -- and most of it, of course, it has a safe thing, it's blue for it.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Francisco every year from the access and research in the way that we have an individual with other scientists -- the Earth, and this time, and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them, the parents don't allow them.
But every night we put into the control center -- here you see the use of different machines.
It might seem like they did not take the work, but I did they did it because they're going to have to live with nature all their life.
Just with them with them with those days that day and talk about what we were going to do after that, the streets, and so on.
And to do this, we created a magic map of the region around the number of nuclear energy.
We created the market map -- we set up pieces to represent data in real time in the relationship, and we will take water to keep the collaboration.
And with this we could notice that the radical power is finished from the top of the mountain to the roof system and determined in the ocean.
It was a strange expert.
But with the based on this we're going to grow a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the fish.
We went back to a hundred miles of nuclear central central -- and with the help of fish of the area we were able to get out of the side of the street with a self-controlled state as we were invited and we built it.
So here we see a production, we've gone from a local problem to a real problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different scale.
But at the same time, it has been more often because we've only been starting to measure the day that we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
And I ask me if we should give the room and try to invest better ways of doing all these things.
So the room became a long way so much -- we found an industrial industry in Harvard Korea, and we become the largest space to the social and environmental space.
It is in the center of Harvard Korea, and it's a place where we can work with a matter -- mechanics, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dream of children can actually come back with the aid help and where adults can be children again.
Students, access and access. And access and access.
Carnet Harvard, we asked things like, can we invest the future of moving with relative energy.
For example.
Or can we help us in the movement of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age to transform their streets in new electric visions in new visions?
The plastic -- the oil and architecture are terrible legacy, but the worst lesson that we can leave our children are the metaphors.
We can't allow us to protect the kids in the truth of the truth because we need their imagination to invest the solutions.
So, scientific citizens -- you know, we have to protect the next generation for the environment and people, and so I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two general cells, two glasses of developing designers.
One is made of thousands of pieces of access -- the other one of a single side of self.
One of them is symptom, the other organization of them.
And one of you can get on the environment, the other one.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
Michael English said that when he looked at the moment in Brazil, I saw a force that comes out to be book.
The skin was only one of my Wild Hillis.
But the living beings are not coming down.
They grow up.
And in the most small forces of life, the cells -- we took all the information for every cell to work.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the India, the world, the world of design has been designed by the radio and production of the mass and produce in the way.
The mountain lines have given a world made of parts -- to find the image of designers and architecture to think of their objects as the devices of different parts with different worked.
But you don't find a lot of human material in nature.
Think about the human skin for example.
Our favorite legs are determined with documents distant.
The legs of the scale are more groups with small people.
You have a pretty much kind of angle, the other basically as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin -- there are no parts -- there are no statements.
This is a system that would go up with a lot of factory in the way that we have to make a lot of scale.
Here is a dangerous screen that represents my view of the world, which is the person from every design and architecture to work in the middle and the gene -- between the machine and organisms -- between the machine and the growth and the growth between Heman Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two videos in the world, my left level and the right, and the right and self-esteems, you show the two days after me.
My work, in their most simple level -- trying to use these two vision videos in the world, and it will get out of the company and access the growth.
You probably ask you, why now?
Why was it not possible for this 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in the story, a red moment -- where they get four designers that are supposed to do access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the interest of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects and tools and tools and tools and tools like this, like this robotic arm with a slide of 24 of them with a visit base that some day is not very far to print huge buildings -- and thank you to the fact that they are made in the fact that they are made in the dark mathematics in the air.
So here we have come up with the cell, an article of the old architecture of the ancient architecture -- and has created a screen where every article is in size to move the form of light and the heat through him.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a factory. This was for a way to make a lot of Paris with Europeans are Harvard. It's like a second skin made from a single piece of piece -- risk in the controls, flowers around the city.
And then I got with a computer company in 3D States, we started this layer and failure 30 without the cells between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
And this song changes radical materials and white in the relationship of 20 minutes.
This is the result of a human area.
It's also the result of a CDC.
And the designers have access to this high result of high relationship and the synthetic institutions allowed to design products that are not only the way our body, but also the average structure of our tests.
We have also designed a short challenge, a scale to the structure of the structure and as well.
The Program Christian, my collection, we went back to nature to inspire them, and by designing this pattern of surface surface -- it becomes survival.
We imagine this surface of 45 different products that are going to go in religion, optimism and color -- I would take up to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface -- as in nature -- it would see their function of the other material or another matter of other material or a lot of continuous and directly the material process.
But is the real natural nature.
There are no parts in nature.
I didn't write to me in a religious home, but when I was young -- my grandmother told me stories from the Bible Bible, and one of them was going to be a lot of what I care about.
As she recognized, "The third day of the Cross, God moved to the Earth to grow a fragile carbon tree of the front of the front of the front of the front of the front of the shoe.
So for that first favorite tree -- there would be no difference between trade, radio, boards and friends.
All the tree was a fragile.
In change, the Earth made the trees with robots, correct, slides and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts of them.
I often ask me, "What would you be the design if the objects were made from one person?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the basic material -- the kind of material tree with friends, and we found it.
The second biological biological ball in the planet is called a career, and about 100 million tons are produced every year for organisms like computers, corruptions, speeds and markets.
We think that if we could keep their own process, we could generate metal structures in one piece of paper.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal face.  We would ask a lot of characters to make them, and we put them up and we put it out of the country.
It was going to make the chemical conditions -- we've been able to make a lot of properties of protections, from dark and opposite, to the light.
In order to print the great scale, it was built a system with a little bit of extraordinary control control.
The robot was able to look at the materials of the material and create these structures made from a single material on a single mathematical mathematician -- 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready -- you leave them to get to find a natural form to the air.
So why do we continue to design with planet?
The air. The air of air who were a supply of the impact of the impact are used to keep people who came up for the first time in the planet three billion years ago, as we heard air.
Just with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed in order to make a lot of the atmosphere.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without the basic problems -- and if you move even more, you go back and go even more than that.
This is a fragile carbon carbon.
I would work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet, with a little water and with a little bit of similar biology -- we have brought a structure made in order to walk in an architecture that is shared as a tree of it.
And here is the best part of it, for objects designed for biologists, put them in the sea -- they will feed the market life and put it into the ground -- help grow a tree of it.
The question for our next explore to use the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility to create the life to keep the life for the international journey.
In order to do that, we have to deal with the bacteria and control their flow of it.
This is how the performance talk, we did our own table, new forms of life created completely and advantage of an active form and increases of biological way.
I like to think about the synthetic biology as the local clothes, just that instead of transportation metaphorically means -- they feel new biological forces within very small places.
This field is called microbes.
We imagine our own 1980s to control the flow of these low urban corruptions.
And in our first piece of rock, they bought two microscopes.
The first one is the clinic.
I live in our oceans and in the substance streets.
And the second one.
And one becomes the light in reducing, the other conversation is going to go up and produce a little bit useful for the environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of cartoon.
Think about it as evolution -- not for natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to keep these relationships -- we've created a single card that gets up to the direction of it, which will help you get these bacteria and they take their way out of it.
And so we started to grow up to grow those calls in the human body, which is a lot of the materials of the material for the destruction of it.
If we wanted more pictures -- we would design more transportation.
This definition system, when you get out of an end to each other, 60 feet.
So this is half of the language of a food field and 10 times more than our interview in the state.
And here it is, as a principle at TED, our first political photograph, carbon little little little life in the rock.
Thank you.
Mars Sandan he said, "We are creating a way, just half of it is done by the middle of it.
What if design is going to protect the other middle?
What if we could create structures that increase the living material.
And if we could create personal microbes that were going to get out of our skin -- would you take the tenth out and they would get our bodies out of our bodies that are going to get out of our bodies?
Think about this as a way to avoid biology.
I call this the material economy.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
Now, you know, you know that a 3D 3D printer is going to be able to be able to be able to do.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
I grew up with a software.
This capital of the gene, for example, create a very sophisticated architecture -- a home within which it is moving.
The factory is not about this level of solution.
It makes it through the combination of two materials -- but of two people in different conversation.
One act as a structure -- the other is the paradigm or marriage, using those forces between each other.
And this happens through scale.
The subject of self-control is lost in the environment, creating a text structure -- and then it starts to run a conflict of compassion in it.
The text and compassion -- the two forces of life -- they get in a single materials.
And with the end of understanding how this complex process works -- we put a little sense to the head of a week to the head.
We put it into a box with a box with a little bit with a little bit with a little bit of participants -- and that allowed us to create this piece of points in three different differences and visit the architecture of the top of the subject of the subject of the subject.
And yet, when you put it up to the subject in a planet, not within a planet, we realized that I would run a plan and still make sure that I was going to be able to make sure that I was going to be able to make sure that I was going to be able to make sure that I was going to be able to make a station
So we started to design different environments, different ants, and we've discovered that the shape -- compassion, the structure of the top -- it was based on the environment.
And they often get off the subjects to the death inside their cards, his sea is being used and used in the text industry.
We saw that we were doing these plants we could go to the surgery service without going to be a single capacity.
And they would be able to make it simply, and we could create these things.
This is what this process is to the architecture.
We had a robotic robot by doing seasons, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our site, and we put it into our
We knew that we knew that the oceans of surface to more dark areas and factors -- so we use a kind of solar risk to reduce the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or arms, in order to get the landscapes of light and the heat -- to deal with the subjects on the structure.
We were ready to get to the groups.
We were able to put up with a seven weeks to a group in line.
And after we feed them four weeks -- they were ready to walk with us.
We put them together in the back of the ancestor, and as they were said, they were going to get up, you know, they were going to go up, and the life starts again, like us, but much more short than us.
Bank Florida said that technology is the big interview, and I was right.
When I was going to have a biological state on the surface of the back shelter -- they give all of this set out of their interview.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old.
In a sense, this is also the language of the face of the sea.
The polices, after the experience, they produce five million dollars.
This could be used for 200 dollars in the future.
So here are the two videos in the world.
A shoe is a brilliant arm -- the other volunteer comes.
If the last front of design is to give life to the products and the buildings that are related, to form an economy of two materials, the designers have to use these two videos in the world.
What it takes us, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design -- a new age of design, which leads us from a designed design in nature to a natural nature in the design -- that comes out of us, for the first time, that we make us a lot of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Leader your hand if you've ever asked them what you want to be more of you?
If you had to remember what age they had when they were asked by the first time this?
You can move out with them.
Three three -- three, three, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, five, one.
Now, you take your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a lot of more of them.
It has taken some kind of advance.
Any access.
I am somebody who could never answer the question to the question what you want to do is you?
The problem wasn't that I didn't have any interest -- but I had too much.
And in school I liked the English and the art and the art and developed sites -- and I was used to put it into a paradox called Texas Francisco.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general I like to try and try to try to try to try a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of advanced, this feeling -- this is already not a challenge -- it comes back to it.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in other things, which is completely different -- and I left me on it, and I left me and I feel like, "I have found it, and then again this point where it starts to get up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to discover something new and different -- and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern made me a lot of advanced, for two reasons.
The first was because I was not sure how I was going to get all of this in a face.
I thought I had to choose a thing -- I would get all of my other particles, and it will be going to be able to get up.
Another reason that I got so much advanced was a little bit more people.
I was worried that there would be something wrong in this, and something bad in me is not going to do anything.
I was supposed to have fear of the company, or to be distributed, or to get to my own success.
If you can reduce my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to have been used at the time.
You think about themselves -- where they learned to make the meaning of bad or antibiotic to do things.
I'm going to tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
And we are asking us first what you want to be a lot of you?
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one matter what you put to that age.
It becomes a question to be able to make clean answers in the kids like, "I'm going to be a balloon or "I want to be parallel.
You have the destruction of Demona here.
This question is a question and again, while we grow out of different forms -- I went up, to students of school are asking you that they're going to get in the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more of you?
It is going to be the clothing of being the clothes of before what the dream is.
Why?
So this is what this question is to go to the kids who might be, not inspired with everything they could be.
In fact, it does right now, because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things -- even though you have a lot of interviewed and they say, "Oh, what do you read -- but you can't be open of violence and physics.
You have to be exploring them.
This is the Dr. Bonnetic Chinese -- and he's open of violence and performance.
And this America is not going to be able to be interested in interview, company, professional and creative direction.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to go.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life is very definitely in our culture.
And this is this idea of the challenge or the real collection, the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and will get their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not aware of this way.
What if there are a lot of different issues that go up with their culture and many different things that want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that guy.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal that doesn't have a object.
And I feel there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a mathematician.
A mathematician is someone with a lot of interest and creative activity.
It's a bank for so to say.
It could help if you do it in three parts -- mathematician, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that cost the same idea, as a company, religious.
For the time of the Reed, the idea was who I was very well looking at in distance markets.
Bank State is to us like "The "self as "YouTube."
They use any terms that you like or invest one of your own one.
It seems like a kind of sort of sort of kind of active to a community, we can't be on a single identity of it.
It's easy to look at the mathematics as a limitation or affect that you have to go.
But what I've learned to talk to people and write about these ideas in my website.
Here are three microbes here.
One of the ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more field and the creation of something new in the interesting.
San Harvard and Richard Bill would express their interest compassion in terms of data, vision, materials, materials and design.
Mexican is a company that creates grandmother installations.
San and Rach came up with this kind of idea of the signal memory of skills and experience.
The innovation is happening in the interesting.
There are the new ideas.
And the mathematics, with all of your ancestors -- you can go to a lot of these kinds of interest points of them.
The second surface is the learning learning.
When the mathematics are interested by something, we go to it.
Let's see everything we can have in our hands.
We are tend to be primary, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things and go out of our own quality areas of it.
A lot of skills are transform to other designers, and we try everything that we've learned to every new area that we lost -- so I spend it so that we actually began to go away.
North Darwin is a computer to a complete time and short designer.
And as a piece of performance is an incredible ability to develop the mobile memory of developing it.
Now, she's the most quick metaphor.
Before you become a desky, no one was flowers form.
He had to learn the most final version of end when they started their practice -- and this ability helps to write constraints for the supply.
It turns out that it is a piece of time to get up to what you're going to do to you, even if you go in the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you couldn't have predicted.
The third question is the activity -- I mean, the ability to transform on anything that you need in a single situation.
Alexander Carter is sometimes direct of videos -- others designed from websites, sometimes consumer from King, sometimes a matter -- and sometimes when you look like that, James Boston.
It's worth because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to make a lot of roles -- depends out of the needs of their clients.
The Facebook Facebook definitely defines as the most important ability for development to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and increases that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to deal with the needs of the market.
You know, some of the ideas of ideas -- quickly learning and advanced, three skills where the mathematics are very hard, and three skills that you could lose if they are ready to reduce their objects to reduce them.
As a society, we have a great interest in order to focus on the mathematics to be themselves.
We have complex problems, measures right now, and we need creative creative thinking to make them.
So let's say they are, in your heart.
They came out of the wind when you wanted to be performance neurons.
You don't care about it, there is nothing wrong in you.
In fact, some of the best team.
And the space can be able to get up in deep and put it into ideas -- and the mathematics has a sense of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship to it.
But we all should design life and causes that they eat with the way we are.
And by the way, the mathematics in a big part of them will get them to just be more like their specific companies.
Once he said this, if there is one thing that you get out of this talk, I hope that it is this -- I hope that it is this -- it turns out with the international character, it's what it is.
If you are a surgery of heart -- then special for all of the media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the mathematics in the room, including those who had just been just one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you with their many particles.
They follow their culture for those collections of collection.
You will explain the interest of them.
It will open our entire collection to us to a more advanced and happy life.
And perhaps the most important thing -- mathematics, the world needs us.
Thank you.
At the year of the year -- a woman called Afghanistan they took it to a phone in Francisco.
And I was described and couldn't remember even the most basic challenges of their life.
His doctor is called Andrews.
And I didn't know how to help Afghanistan, but I would go through it until that, by the way that it was in 1990.
After his death -- Andrews made a surgery and they found them very strange and end plants in the brain of the Arabia, a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If you had been living today, we could not give her to her more help than Angeles gave him 180 years ago.
And Alexander was Dr. Alexander Alex.
And Alexander will stop, the first patient in order to get a distance that we now call Alexander disease.
Of course, the medicine has got a lot.
They have been found old and values to protect them from informations, a lot of treatment treatment for cancer -- antibiotics for HIV and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alexander.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a camera for the Alexander from more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alexander now affect 40 million around the world.
But in 2010, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to the 35 years or more, the possibility of taking Alexander will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the chance that they spend their years down with Alexander or help to take a friend or be born with Alex.
It's only in the United States, the California of Alexander costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical industry is based on the disease.
So today is the most expensive disease, and their costs pay an increase of five times in the year, and as it comes back to the generation of the white baby.
It may be surprised to them, but the Alexander is one of the largest medical and social challenges of our generation of us.
But it has done a little bit to be able to share it.
Today, one of the 10 years of death from all the world, the Alexander is the only one that you can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the development of it.
We understand less than the Asia than other diseases because we've invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more than every year in the University of cancer in the fact that we care about the fact that it costs us more than Albert and causes a similar number of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consequence.
Because this is what a few people know -- but all the world should be, the Alexander is a disease, and we can cut it.
For most of the last 1950s years, all of the scientists -- the scientists -- controlled Alexander with advantage.
We think that it will be sensitive in a normal and international part of it.
But it's only looking at a picture of a brain growing up in compassion with a patient of Alexander to see the real physical day caused by this disease.
And now I will be able to figure out a sense of memory of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain is going to be a sensitivity of life, and it's always modernism.
You remember the Dr. Alexander found statistics and strangers in the brain of Australia makes a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protection molecules today.
You can think of a piece of protect as a piece of paper that was put as a property.
There are places in the paper that are presentation.
And when you put it right, these perfect dots end up in the interview.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some of the perfect dots are going on the outside of it.
And this makes the molecules of the protect are put between each other, form groups that can form big and entrepreneurs.
That's what we see in the patients with Alexander.
We have spent the last 10 years in the University of Communication trying to understand how this food works.
There are a lot of countries, and the identity of what happens to be complex -- as I would do a book.
It would be able to make a care could do anything.
You can tell the other people can make the extraordinary boat.
You have to find the right step that the right thing, and then create a doctor that I do.
Until a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of them have come up with the cars and waiting the better.
But now there is a different group of people -- doctors -- microscope, generals, chemicals, physical and mathematics and mathematics and materials.
And together, we have been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's going to have a new kind of families that are still still this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when I was going to test these factors in the websites.
So these are the savings -- and you can see that they are moving with normal.
And so the ones on the other hand, they have protection molecules that are lost between each other, as in humans with Alex.
And you can see that they are clearly sharing.
But when we give our new factors to these websites in a early stage -- then we see that they were going and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but the research like this shows that the Alexander is a disease that we can understand and care.
After 1980, there are real hope of what it can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I created that hope.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to tell us that Alexander is a disease and that if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other disease, the patients and their families have got more research and exploring about governments of governments -- the proposition and scientists and legitimates.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV at the end of the 80 percent.
Today we see that same universe to see cancer.
But the patients of Alexander often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the strangers of their beings who were born and night, they're often too far to go out and play for change.
So it really depends from you.
The Alexander is not most of a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help to take a car.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York New York New York Times in this year.
To make sure of somebody -- do this.
The article is about a psychological study -- designed to create open love in the lab, and in my own experience when I was going to test it one night at the last night.
So the process is pretty simple -- two strange states are going to be able to make 35 questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 11 -- if you could be able to be able to go up with a quality or a subject, what would it be?
Number 2010, when it was the last time you get on the other person.
And right?
By the way that you get up, these are more and more people.
Number 3D -- -- I really like to tell you what you love to him or she or she -- I know very close this time, and I gave things that you don't say to someone who will have been known to you.
When I took this study with this study a few years ago, a reality actually called me the attention that two of the particles had spent six months later and invited to all of the lab to the computer.
So it was a surface about this process of making open love, but after then, I was also interacting.
And when I had the point to test this study -- with someone who knew not particularly well -- I didn't expect to get up.
And I didn't know, and I thought, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Colleague love a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now this is already an ancient, so I guess some of you probably ask you -- they are still there?
And the reason I think you do this is because they've done this question over and over in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk to you today.
But let's go back to the subject again.
A week before it was going to be able to support the article was very nervous in it.
I had been working on a red book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the radio love in my blog.
But a white industry can come to a few hundreds of viruses like a lot, and those were just just from my friends of Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times will take a few thousands of view.
And that's a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship of it.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was put on the line on the night at night, and I already happened in the lab of my blog.
And the monkey, I had been called the New State and the Google Museum America.
In a month -- the article received over eight million people, and I was -- to say something -- a little bit present for this kind of attention.
One thing is to be able to write the trust to write with a lot of our own.
And when people call or write -- what they did every day for weeks, always made the same question -- even if you get together together?
In fact, when I was asking this talk -- I made a quick search in the threat of my excited with the face, and they are still going to get together together?
And a lot of messages were going to go up with it.
They were from students and stations and strangers like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk -- and a woman came up to the school, "I mean, Man where is your non-violence?
And I went up with a red one.
I understand that this is part of the treatment of it.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should wait for people to feel to ask people about it.
But I was not prepared for the bottom of the answer.
The 34 questions seem to have been coming out of life.
In fact, the New York Times published a common article for San Valley, who including the experience of the laws to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impact to all of this attention was to be very related to my own relationship to me.
I said that not to every paper that we both did a public device together.
And I came up with television interviews, and you take the pieces of pictures of us.
I think I had afraid to become the increases of the present process of the profession of the process that I didn't feel at the same thing that I didn't feel in the care of it.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study works -- they wanted to know if it really works -- or it is, if it was able to produce positive love -- not just an advance, not just a really real love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer me.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt about all, that people used the wrong question.
So how do we know if we keep together or not, and it would be doing it?
If the answer was not going to do the experience of doing these 17 questions less interesting questions.
Dr. San Arthur wrote first about these questions at this same study in 1998, and there, the goal of research was not to produce robotic love.
Instead of that, I was looking at the international resource between college students -- using what they used to be called personal personal personality, products and responsibility.
It sounds like, right?
But the study is work.
Participants feel more close after doing it. several studies are also used by the Arab Arab Progress of Archiver as a quick way to create trust and interact between each other.
They have been used in the members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people from political political investments.
The original version of the story, which I tried the last last summer -- that we changed personal questions with four minutes of visual contact -- it was based on this article -- but unfortunately, I never got it up.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little University in a small University -- and then a student came back to me, and he said to me to me and he told me the study and it didn't work.
He looked like it for it.
And I said, you want to say you love the person who did that?
Well, he made a country.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but do you become better friends?
Do you feel that they would know better after I was going to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to get the study to try to try to try to try to try to get the study on the study.
And I felt it.
So, I said, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it's about love.
I took me with the study for the first time when I was 28 and I was taking a really difficult surface.
There was that relationship since I was 20 -- which I was supposed to probably my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I got me in science.
I invented everything I could find about the science of the blue love, and I hope that that could be a way to get the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought that I just invented for the book that I wrote -- but it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I went up with the knowledge of the robotic love -- I never had to feel as bad and used as I sat there.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one or another way.
I'm more patient with love -- I'm more relative.
I have more trust to figure out what it looks like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what you can look at is sometimes more than what they usually can go to me.
What I look for love is a career, not only to be love today and being a morning, but that will keep being a long way for the person to love it.
It may be that this is the reason that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media was told about 33 questions is that there may be a shoe to make a show.
There may be a way for some way to kill some of the important risk -- and this is a very nice story -- because it will make us feel wonderful -- but it is also a strange.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask -- are still going together together?
And his content with an answer of Yeah.
So more than a question, you will have to make a little bit more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you say who it shows your love and who isn't it?
How would you stay out when things get up, and how do you know when to go and do it when you get out and do it doing?
So how do you live with the understanding that they include a relationship or even more, how do you live with your head?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more recent conversation about what it means to love somebody to love it.
So, if you want the green version of the story of my relationship -- is this one, a year ago, and I was able to put a study down to create artificial love -- we were like, we still follow together, and I'm very aware of it.
But it is not the same thing that will be starting.
It is the easy part of it.
So at the end of my article wrote -- love didn't happen.
We need to do that because we take the choice of it.
And I set up a little bit about the reading now, not because it's not true, but because in the moment, there was no thing that I know that education.
Not to think about how many times we would take that decision -- and when you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he was always going to get me or not.
And I want it to be enough to have done and answer 35 questions -- there would be been able to love someone so general and distance and having to explain that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done in change, is to become my relationship in the kind of mine in which I don't think of true.
And what I look at -- and what maybe I would spend my life looking for this one thing to be true.
And I want the happy happy in the title of my article -- which is, in the way, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write to.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone -- and the hope that he also love to love me, and it is a train, but that's the treatment with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a little bit of mountains in a mountain and in a way I got like a glass of the forest.
The city of New York is a time ago,  something that really affect me but more determined details.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a market box -- and I was going to get a trillion of a dollar -- a piece and a piece of a place in the Cold place.
And I thought that some of the strange humans or a few of them would find this box about 500 years later, and learn how our species are going to do ideas -- for example, how we eat the supply.
I had no idea.
In all ways, it has thank you because here I am 30 years later, and I'm still doing box here.
In a moment I was in Harvard -- I like to go out and make sure and all of those things, and I was doing a collection for my mother.
And I took a doctor and I took it all the pages and I made a kind of clinical charges to the Arab Anderson to the San American companies, and a bees was transparent.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is advanced to them, so I got more responsible in the left, thinking that I could take it.
In change, it happened to put it up, in some way it seemed to go out of size as if it was to look at the text with a collection.
So I did I did a little bit more.
And this time, I started to add electric elements -- which I started to do with the streets -- all that I could find on the street, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to fix them and tell stories about these objects about them.
So I got to draw around the objects and I realized that God can draw in space.
And I can be able to find it to you that you do about a capital in the scale of the crime.
And I took the objects and I created my own speech of an invention specialist.
First of all, the ones that you can make a idea.
And then I did a few insects and extraordinary creatures of it.
It was very fun to draw in the reporting capable of research.
And it was great, because I started to move experts and those things, and I was running some money, to take my own non-violence to be able to go to Steven.
It was stuff, man.
At some point I was interested in the human way, the human form of natural beings with human beings within the causes of the countries.
It was great, except for one thing, I love me.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to the field every night thinking about it.
And so I tried to use it.
I started to draw in the glass capable of land, similar in a window -- then in another window -- and another window -- and I had all of these visions together that they form a traditional computer.
And this really works -- and so I could stop using the result.
So I did this for years, and my work with something very big -- I call "The "The "point I called "The "The "point "The "companies?
For the "trial that I was inspired in a big media in "The radio of Democratics Book who is a paradigm in the Museum of the Program in Spanish.
Do you know it?
Well, it is a fantastic thing.
They say it is a little bit.
Well, the "Third thing is going to explain this piece here.
It took 11 miles away.
Five feet long.
It has a little bit farmer, so it's 10 feet of complicated.
It's a little bit.
Well, that's the source of the game.
On the left -- it's Jeff and landscapes.
There's a car where all of these creatures with animals are working between two world.
They go from the world in the world, to this ancient man where they get up.
This is where the creatures with animals of animals are going to give up to the face -- ready to be able to go into the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of examples of them.
This is a piece of a piece of article to a root.
Bill Green is in the sea -- the Hollywood plant of the detail -- Walkanger, the South Bill Revolution -- there are all kinds of strong things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of them also sort of sort of sort of a kind of care.
It's coming out of the ocean -- and I heard oil in a hand while the other hand is going to be carefully.
His hands are as banks, and it seems to be a microbes that comes up with the Earth and the collection of the supply.
So it's a sense of the "Trial aspect.
It's a little bit of a nation.
That's the hand in which I scale.
And then, when you go to the other side -- it has a trick, like a piece of blue -- and I would hear you from this train.
It also has a cell of five feet a little bit of a sense that used to be the "trial of the subject.
In all ways, his collection is going to be able to put it up on a voice.
I don't know why that happened.
You know, you know, you know.
His college ended up in a collection of collective cartoons made of 1990s from 1990.
Have you seen them.
They were made in the 1990s, as if they were balloon of the traditions.
All the time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "The "Partners.
It's about a six years to make 100 of these human beings here.
Every one is a corruption of our culture.
But each of you act as a kind of article in the way of being human -- and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 to the time.
They are like cells -- they get up.
And you can walk between them. It's going to take me years.
Every one is basically a microbes of microbes that I spent 150 miles with a human human in their international.
This has a little control in the floor.
That's the head -- it's the character, you can go into the interview.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body -- there is a shoe that comes out of the car, and that you can get the period or not, or what it is that it is, a kind of antibiotic thing.
This is a quick report of these words because I can't explain for a long time.
We have capital, you can see.
This is a short body for half of it.
This has two heads -- and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few people who come out and go into the head of this strange structure.
There is a little station inside of the traditional care.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these box, like the box we live in.
We're in a box -- the solar system.
This brings me to my last box of me.
It's an arms. It's called Police Carity.
So within this box there is a physics -- a business, a phone, a message, a message, a metaphor, a metaphor, a school, a school blog that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a roof.
We need the box and all of the people in the middle of each other.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box that is living in.
And together we got to realize that all of us are together in this, which is that this evidence that we are different -- these things of the countries, of the relationships, of religion doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to change those things that are going to go out and give us all of these things that are going to die very soon as well.
Thank you very much.
So what do you do when you get your head.
They take a application.
But so so that you have to have an effect against pain -- first step through the state, the interest and other resources.
It will take a point is the most effective system and influence for any of any social medicine in the body.
The designer, yet it is that when you put it up to any medical designer.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When you take an antibiotics designers, these are survival to draw the amount of virus in the game, and increase the rest of CEO cells.
But they are also known by their high side effects -- in their most negative senses, because at the time that you have to get into the blood cortex, they say, and worse even for time that they are going to get to their design, which is where it is more important, in the HIV design.
These are rules of the body as the limitation system, the neuroscience system, the limits -- where the virus is involved and not in exactly in the service of the patients who are support to the record of antibiotics with an antibiotics democracy.
However, after the treatment of treatment -- the virus can detect and identify new cells.
So this is the big problem of HIV with the current forms that is a treatment of life access by ground.
One day, I sat up and I thought, "We could make the treatment directly to the device of the virus without the risk of democracy disease?
As a scientific experience in leaders -- the answer was in front of me, the leaders, of course.
And if you use it in collection, for the care of health and surgery of diagrams, you can use for any important thing -- including the interviewing interview of medicine.
In fact, we are already using planes in order to open or lose extremely small holes -- that they open up and close almost increase the cells in the HIV to interact with.
At the best one of you ask -- "How is that possible.
We send up a little and powerful way to read about the cell metaphor in the HIV while these cells are important in a liquid that comes up with the factor.
The leader is the cells, as the cell calls the factory in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it -- the hole is surprised increases.
We are now going to try this technology in vision or in Palestinian planes, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible. You can ask you.
Well, the answer is, through a device of three head.
With the first head -- which is our leader, we will make an increase in the site of information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes to the site of information.
And finally, the third head, an instrument that would deal with the factory, and they read it directly in the site of the infrastructure as the leader is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the total self-esteem of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A camera for HIV for HIV today.
This is the dream of all of the HIV research in our case, in our case, in our case, a treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade I have been studied by private groups not statistics, companies like terrorism, researchers or microbes.
They do what these groups do when they are not going to get up.
My goal is to understand better to these groups of violence and study ways to reach the transition of the vision of the violence of the violence of the vision of the vision of the vision of the vision.
I do a field work, in the world of political and in the biology.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of a lot of conflict in the way, because war has changed.
It used to be a distribution between state.
Not not.
Now it's a conflict between the states and actions not globalization.
So for example, from the age of the 2010 period of parasites between FBI and 2010, 17 was made between a state and an act of government.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we have to be able to get them into any of them in any process of successful conversation.
But how do you do that?
We have to know what to do to these organizations for these organizations to do.
We know very well the reasons that you find it, how they do it, but no one will do what they do when they don't know.
The computer fight and the politicians are not related to.
It's all part of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not much less giving them, without a global view.
The creative groups today are complex organizations today.
For example, the Health Haiti, known by his life against Israel.
From their creation in the 19th century in the 1990s, Hello has also been a political particular, a network of social services and a military article.
At the same way, I met for their own substance against Israel, as well.
So these groups are doing more than just going to give up.
They are multiple.
They set up a complex map of communication -- seats of the TV states, season from the Internet and structures in social network.
And here you have the SETI report, it starts in English and population to remember it.
The crazy groups are also involved in a complex complexity of forests without surgeries, but it would be religious business -- for example, companies of building conservation.
These activity are key together.
They allow these groups to increase their food, including their food, to get better and build their market.
The urban groups also do something else -- they create a lot more strong with their population to invest in social services in social services as well.
They build schools -- they put home, they put in a lot of professional forms or we're looking at it.
Hello makes all these services and more.
The crazy groups are also trying to focus on the population of something that the state is not broken, security and production.
The article of the tables in an Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an incredibly similar price for the population.
But in general, to produce social services means to get a value -- a ball left by the government, and they allow these groups to go and increase their power.
So for example, the electrical vision of 200 percent of the paradigm is not to understand the social work of the group.
This is a really complex scene -- even in the West -- when we go to the crazy groups -- we just think about the visual side.
But that's not enough to understand how these groups of these groups -- the structure or a long particular vision of it.
These groups are hard.
They grow up because they are graduated by the government -- and it turns out as artificial groups and political groups -- they are going to be in the visual fight and they get generally.
And the more complex and surfaces are these organizations -- less we can take them like something against a state.
How do you call a group like Heilt?
They get part of a third of a third of their jobs -- they get up all of their jobs -- they get the back of the shoe system.
Is this a state? Is it a brother group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is EDGD?
The line.
We live in a world in the state of states with no state and hospitals, and the more they are the state.
This is important for governments because to convince these groups will have to invest more in tools in tools not military tools.
It will get that value of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well.
If we understand better to the critical groups -- we understand the better what institutions are going to be able to increase the transition of violence to the violence of violence.
In this new challenge between state and action actions, the military power can make a few bacteria, but it's not going to give us any station.
In order to make these objects we need a long time to reach that security value -- to get that group of government that allowed these groups to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a factory as a woman and as a family.
My opportunities on the gap of blood are actually, but I had to accept the training of "The "The state of "The factory would be interviewing for families.
I'm a family, but pretty bad.
And so I love as a bad family.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The bad family and then in the HG: people started to call the Facebook Marine.
So what I started as a personal ball to myself and a designer product, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step before.
When I was young -- especially in my colleagues and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about families, these personalized women -- and they would get up with the men. As if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated all over the world and the surgery, in particular, it looks like a perfect answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the guy who was using people at the point that could be familiar.
It will be started as a family was a correct, a word and destructive.
They took me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is going to be a lot of automatically, and you have to believe that it's just like or supporting a man.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With the time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am in fact, in fact, and so on.
For me, some of the assets are relatively, women are just like men.
We are going to move on the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want to do that, free of access or violence.
We have right to use it in easy and access to antibiotics and relationship services and reporters.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need to be able to be light or extraordinary controls.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other institutions.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of general, religion and sex -- social conditions and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that it matters what we have in common.
And without this kind of including -- our family is nothing.
For me, these truth are enormous, but to be clear -- I am a destruction.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conversation.
When I put down to work, I hear music music.
Even though I read the women to the women and surprised me -- the clip "Star Sea School from the American Alexander is amazing.
It's actually going to do it with your marketing show.
Permane, it turns out to you until you get the control."
Think about it.
Poster possible, right?
I am completely killed by my musical likely.
I believe in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all of the digital task -- but also to kill insects -- the record of the cortex and the magnificent setting in the market of the condition.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The car is my favorite color here.
It was fired from the way and the base things.
I can look at the Bangalore and the robotic food, and I have a lot of artificial for the controls that are doing reality.
Some of my designers are more destroyed.
If a woman wants to deal with the support of his husband -- it's his choice -- and I'm not who to get up.
If a woman decided to be in home to create their children, I access that education, too.
The problem is not that it turns out that it becomes extremely vulnerable through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is made out of way that it makes women are extremely vulnerable when they choose it.
We solve this problem.
It takes the conversation of the conversation that has gone up or supporting the needs of the control women -- the workers and the trade and transportation, to the favorite of white women and hospitals of the middle and a high hand.
You hear -- if that's good females -- I'm a very bad.
It also happens the next thing -- as a family, I feel a lot of present.
We have this ability to put factors down in a paper.
We hope that they go into the perfect.
When you get up, we will take them up with a lot of the same page where we put them.
As I said, I'm a destruction, I already think about that piece before they try to put there.
too many women, particularly individuals and the leaders of the sector -- they have fear of being straight as families.
They have fear of a piece and say, "Yes, I'm a feature for fear to what that state means -- because I could not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Let's take for Berner, or like I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a decade failure.
And in the World Modern Vinostance America, in Milo, I was able to go from the word "The word from three feet.
And it was a massive special, looking at this story of the point to open up the family and make the women and the young men who will be familiar is something to be protecting.
It spent the time, the cultural crisis began to be able to find them if Bill was or not quite familiar.
They called their family, instead of just to believe the word of a horrible woman and many metaphor.
We were allowed to be allowed by the families, because we're still fighting for a lot -- we want a lot -- we need so much quite a lot.
We're going to be much beyond the crisis and building and construction, to design the family of any woman -- to get it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad family, or more well, a more including forest is the point of particle.
But what's going on?
We were able to recognize our images to give you the action and be a little bit more worth of it.
If I hear music music -- I'm creating a device for artists that would be more than happy to make a similar surface.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their song until we explore the change to affect their grandmothers.
It's hard to be hard.
Why has your music to be so present?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to play a worst education.
But when the bad decisions do that it makes it more difficult for women to make the entrepreneur, the survival that we all move and is our responsibility to us.
I think in my shoes, three and four years.
They are two magnetic girls -- you know and brilliant, and also very worth -- I want you to believe in a world.
Where you get up with the strong creatures that are.
I think about them, of course, the best choice is a much more easy thing to do.
We can all make better decisions better.
We can change the camera when a television program is to sexual violence against women as a death, value the Red of Translators.
We can change the face of radio when we listen to women who treat women like anything.
We can spend our money to go to the middle in another part when the molecules don't treat women more than devices like devices.
So we can stop to support the professional designers where the animals are trying to their companies as a balloon cards.
In any case, you know, especially the white men can say, "No, I'm not going to put on your report, and I would work with you, until you don't even include a enough number of women, so much to be able to make decisions as well.
I'm not going to work with you until your police, or their organization is more including with a more powerful grandmother of people.
And those of us who are sitting up in this kind of projects -- we can also be able to be able to be able to be including until more like us are going to be strong to avoid the bacteria to the decisions of decisions to the world.
Because we are not a little bit of personality, without all of these positions, without taking these position -- our lives are going to mean very little people.
We can take these small act act and hope that our decisions come back to the top, people in the digital power and music products and music, Christians, the legislations, people who can take big decisions -- more values, to create a distant and significant change.
We can also be able to go up with our family, well, bad or anything else.
The last line of my book "Man "Hail says, "I think "This will be a bad family to not be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I love my voice to me and the family helped me get it out.
There was an incredible.
I call it international to do what happened.
A few guys gave me when I was very young -- and I didn't know that kids can do this to a guy.
I was trying to treat me as if it was anything.
I started to believe that it wasn't anything.
And I went back to my voice, and after all of you don't have to believe that I could say something that could be able to matter.
But I was writing out.
And I went back to write it.
I got in a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and of the women who look like me and understand what it means to live in this world if you have the sky.
And the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful than you can measure it.
On the writing and the field, I also found that if it was a little version, another woman could hear and see it and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to say we are.
In a hand, I have the power to do anything else.
And in the other, I get the fact that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman -- I'm trying to improve my way to think about it, what I say and what I do -- without making everything that makes me human.
I hope we could all do the same thing.
I hope that we could all be a little bit, when the more you need to get out of it that we need to be successful.
Just after National year after last year last year in California, they had sure to have seen Design or to be experienced to someone who had been there.
The virus came up with the front with Canada, including more than 100 children in Heman.
One of the traditional things of this robot is that the surface that can be a family for a child with a child system, is one of the most powerful diseases in the world.
There is an effective value against this from more than half more than half a century ago, but many of the children involved in the Dispension Bangalore had not been sold because their parents had fear of something especially even worse -- the old one.
But a moment, it was not the article that I discovered the oil on the ancient and the relative values and marketing and marketing to be a fragile described by the British Michael Richard Richard Richard.
I don't believe most smart scientists that the theory of the vaccines are a state?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are going to have to make the values put on their children to have antibiotics.
Why?
Here's why.
So this is a group of the increase of the authority in time.
For most of the 20th century, the audience was considered a very short disease.
The few physics and pieces that I had heard about it would be able to develop all their professional life without looking at a single case.
So during the decades of private schools were just three or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to give up.
You know, organizations of forces like the Australia Arabia are based on the audience as an efficiency, as if I could focus from another child in Design.
What's going on?
If you're not the values -- what is it?
If you ask people from the center of the center of Angeles Construction of Angeles who are going on, they tend to go through the brothers as Chinese distances and "The best destruction of cars to explain these creative ones.
But that kind of language doesn't make a lot of the fear of a young man who would look at the face of their two years -- the visual concept of it.
If you have the diagnosis of doctors had to get up, why were they so reporting to the beginning of the beginning.
Why were the cases of an old animal to find before the 19th of 1998.
Five years ago, I decided to find the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened to be less than you can see with the legal progress and the science of science that with the social power of the nature.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the audience is and how you find it, but that story turned out, but that story turned out, and the consequences of the same are having an impact in the global public health.
There was a second story that was more likely to be lost and forget in the dark little clothes of the clinical line.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
And the first story starts with an incredibly sentence physics, read Kara, from 1999, in 1999, Kanzan Park published an article that described 11 young patients who seem to be able to have private world, except to people in their around them, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even to their own parents, even to their own patients.
They could make it for hours for hours to make the hands out of their face -- but they were present from the audience for often as when you don't put their favorite play in their home place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients in their clinic, Karen specialists that the audience is very radical.
By the last decade of the world in the world, as the world of the world in the way, I would say that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their substance as I came up with places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not going to get up, because the Christmas crisis for the distance of active was very representative.
For example, I wanted to give up that slide to kids with consumers, but now we know that choice is very common in the audience.
And once he had turned back to nine from every 10 children sent by each other distributions to the other doctors to be active without giving them a distance of an old authority.
King was a smart man, but part of his theory were not closed.
And I called the audience as a form of favorite teachers caused by parents and faces.
These kids, he said, have been constantly constantly in a report that doesn't get up.
At the same time, no longer noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are happening in certain areas like music, the mathematics and the memory of it.
One of the kids in his cell could be able to deal with 18 signals before I was getting two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite designers, he really said, "Beautiful sand.
But Kenya had a bad opportunity of these skills -- looking at things like children were simply going to get out what they had heard to their parents who had heard for their parents -- they wanted to make their action.
As a result, the audience became a source source for families and two generations of ancient children were sent to institutions for their own well, and become invisible for the world in general world.
Sure it was not to the decade of the 1990s that the researchers started to test the theory of Karen that the audience was really.
London William, Chinese protection of London -- I thought that the theory of the American mothers in Kara was pretty strange.
She and his wife John were global people and applications, and they had a deep piece called Steve.
Liberia and John knew the hard thing that it was to write a child as San Street without social services without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to deal with the National National service that they needed more resources for the current kids and their families and his families and his colleagues and Google Google decided to do something that should have done 30 years before.
They did a study study in the general population.
They asked a shoe of London called Communication to try to find the current kids in the community.
So what you saw is that the Korean model was too limited -- because the reality of the audience was much more comfortable and fun.
Some children could not talk at all. while other people were failing in their face for advanced, in the diagnosis or the generation of the reality.
On the other way, these kids were not going to be in factors and strangers, like Japan, and they saw a lot of them, so much more than the Martin model of Karen would have asked up.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one have been allowed from these kids to before.
But then London, I found a relationship to a proposition in 1990, the next year the next year in Kara, and then then it comes down to the colleagues of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
King knew about this article of compassion -- but he had been supposed to change it in their own work.
There was not even a transition to the English -- but by the way, the man of London was talking to me, and he brought it for it.
The doctor has a strange story of the audience.
His car was a man called Harvard Alexander, which is going to give a clinical school with an interesting school in the 1980s in the 1980s.
The ideas of Alexander for the teaching of children with learning of learning were produced even for the control states.
The morning in his colleagues started with kinds of experts with music.
Instead of getting the parents to cause the parents to cause the authority as a population of life for life that requires complex forms of support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in his cell as patients like patients -- I call them their little teachers -- and he went to help to help in the development of education of education that were especially advanced for them.
And finally, I looked at the audience as a different control that was going to open a variety of data and destiny.
And he believed that the audience and the artists were common -- and they have always heard it -- looking at this idea of this center in artists known in the public culture as the social science and the designer teacher process.
He was more there even to say that for the success in science and art -- a piece of active is easy.
Liberian and Japan found that Kenya was wrong when the audience was infected, so the parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they were working with the U.S. American American American to explore the diagnosis of the diagnosis that will remember the diversity of what they call "The ancient and an authority.
At the end of the 80 and early 90 percent of the 90 -- their changes went into the vision, and to be able to get the limited model of Karen for a state and even in Alexander.
And these changes didn't get in the right state.
It carries, when Louis and Japan. They worked between the basis to reduce these crisis, people from all the world will see an active role for the first time.
And before I went out and saved Marine Man in 1969, only a little crisis, I was going to be a little crisis, but after the United Bank of Democratic Design as Robert Bangalore and the rest of "The "Man Marine with four pieces of the Audience: pieces, physics, physics and parents around the world knew what the audience was.
At the same time, they were invented by the first easy clinical test to use to deal with the audience.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little critical field to make a doctor for his child.
The company of "The "Mandela Marine changes in the crisis, and the industry of these guys created a network of network -- a perfect force of the activity of the authority.
The number of doctors began to join them, like they were predicted London and James, in fact they would expect that the people with open and their families finally had the support and the services that are moving.
And so David Wall came to the values for the detail in the distances, a simple -- powerful -- powerful story as bad as the theory of Karen that the audience was infected.
If the act of the current center of the printed center that one of three children in the United States are in the space, it's right, the ants are one of the largest marketing groups in the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet to reduce the idea that they are plants to solve for the new doctors -- by going up with the terms of the team to celebrate the variety of human conversation.
One way to understand the neurons is to think about terms of human systems.
And the fact that a Partie is not working with Williams, it doesn't mean that it's right.
And by the activity states, the normal human brain is essentially distribution, and it would have a device of an attention.
However, people have a difference to live in a world not built for them.
60 years later, we are still going to stay to Alexander, which I believe that the "cool for the most amazing aspects of ants are in the understanding of teachers -- employees with capability, and the parents in the potential of their children.
A active woman called Zarrian Zara once once said, "We need all the hands in order to understand the bank of humanity?
As we face towards a future future, we need all the human intelligence forms in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to have a brain.
Thank you.
